
------------------
Aurangabad: It seems that Bihar's law and order has taken a back seat in the state once again. A day after five men gang-raped a girl in Motihari district, another girl was attacked with acid here on Friday.

As per CNN-NEWS18, the victim has been referred to Gaya medical college in a very critical condition.
The 14-year-old girl and her mother today received burn injuries when allegedly a man threw acid on them at Rafigunj area in Bihar's Aurangabad district, the report added.

"The man had barged into the girl's house at Raja Nagar and threw acid at her apparently for rebuffing his advances and injured her grievously," Deputy Superintendent of Police P N Sahu said, as per PTI.
He further said, "Her mother, who was present at the spot, too sustained burn injuries as the acid sprinkled on her too. Her mother was admittedina primary healthcentreatRafiganj."
The cop further informed that the girl, a Class IX student, suffered severe injuries on her face and other parts of the body. The girl had yesterday rebuffed advances by the man when she was returning home from her tuition classes.

The attacker is absconding and a probe has been initiated, he added.
(With PTIinputs)

------------------

Bhopal: Two motorcycle-borne assailants on Saturday threw acid on a girl in Bhopal and then they fled from the crime scene, media reports said.

The victim has been admitted to Bhopal's Narmada Hospital with severe burn injuries.
The police have launched a manhunt for the attackers.

According to witnesses, the two attackers were wearing masks.
Further details were not immediately known.

------------------
Vaishali (Ghaziabad): In a shocking incident, a woman here attacked a veterinary doctor with acid on Monday leaving the man with severe burn injuries.

As per a report in the Hindustan Times, the 45-year-old woman poured four litres of acid on the 28-year-old veterinary doctor, Amit Verma, on Monday morning.
The report said the woman wanted to start an affair with the victim and had been pursuing him for over two weeks. The vet had, however, already rejected her advances.
The attack took place at a dog clinic at Sector 4 in Vaishali where the victim, Dr Verma, works as a veterinarian.
His room-mate Deepak said the doctor was taking shower in his living room next to the clinic when the incident happened.

As per Deepak, the accused entered the room at around 8 am and poured acid on Dr Verma when he was in the bathroom.
As per Dr Sunil Dagar of Yashoda Hospital in Kaushambi where the victim is admitted, Dr Verma has sustained 40% burns on his face, chest, abdomen and arms.

------------------
Moscow: External Affairs Minister Sushma Swaraj on Monday met mother of a 23-year-old Russian woman who was attacked with acid in Varanasi in November last year

Later she tweeted a photo of the meeting saying,"A nation's support at a difficult time. With mother and sister ofDaryaProkina."
Swaraj told Antonina Prokina, the mother of the victim, that trial in the case has begun and that she was in touch with Chief Minister of Uttar Pradesh Akhilesh Yadav in connection with the case so that the man behind the attack does not escape strong punishment.
"He (the accused) had applied for bail but a court has rejected it. The trial in the case has already begun. I am in touch with Chief Minister of Uttar Pradesh and told him that he must get harshest of the punishment," Swaraj told Antonina, as per PTI.
The mother of the girl met Swaraj - who arrived here yesterday on a two-day visit - at the hotel where the Minister is staying.
Antonina, accompanied by her elder daughter Yana, explained to Swaraj the trauma the family was undergoing following the incident.
The family stays at the Moscow region.
The 23-year-old Russian national had suffered 46 percent burn injuries after a local youth threw acid on her on November 13 in Nand Nagar area of Varanasi.
The victim was first shifted to a Delhi hospital after initial treatment in Varanasi.
On November 16, she came to Moscow.
The Indian Embassy here has been helping the family in treatment of the girl.
The accused, identified as Siddharth Srivastava, had fled to Allahabad after the incident and was arrested later.

Swaraj had sought a report from the Uttar Pradesh government following the attack on the girl and promised all possible help to her and the family.
(With PTI inputs)

------------------
Ranchi: A Class 10 girl student was attacked with acid when she was sleeping in her school hostel in Jharkhand's Giridih district, police said.

According to police, the attack took place at the Kasturba Gandhi Ballika Awasiya Vidyalay, in Dumri town of Giridih district. The student has been admitted to a local hospital.
The hostel warden has been quizzed by police.
The hostel authorities, according to police, have claimed the incident could have been the work of an insider of the hostel.
Police have begun investigations and are trying to get video footage of the CCTV installed in the hostel.

In another development, police seized a large quantity of explosives in Pakur district on Wednesday.
According to police, more than 900 gelatin sticks were seized and one person was arrested from Chendanga village under Malpahari police station's jurisdiction of the district.

------------------
New Delhi: Coming to the rescue of acid attack victims, the Delhi High Court on Friday said that the state government "owes a duty to provide free medical treatment" to these victims and a ceiling of expenditure of Rs 7 lakh is "arbitrary and unreasonable".

Justice Manmohan also said that if more than Rs 7 lakh is spent on treatment of an acid attack victim, the Delhi government cannot take the stand that they would not spend more than the ceiling amount.
As per a circular of the Delhi government, the minimum compensation granted under the Victim Compensation scheme to acid attack victims is Rs 3 lakh and maximum limit Rs 7 lakh.
"In the opinion of this court, the state owes a duty to provide free medical treatment to acid attack victims. This court is further of the opinion that ceiling of expenditure of Rs 7 lakh on medical treatment may be arbitrary and unreasonable in some cases. If more than Rs 7 lakh is spent on treatment of an acid attack victim, the respondents (Delhi government) cannot take the stand that they would not spend more than the ceiling amount," said the court.
Hearing a plea filed by an acid attack victim, Renu seeking enhancement of compensation and aid for medical treatment, the court also directed the LNJP hospital to provide free medical treatment to her.
"Cost, if any, for the petitioner`s treatment at LNJP shall be borne by the Delhi government," said the court, adding that the government also directed to provide employment to Renu on compassionate basis appropriate to her educational qualification as well as medical status.
It also directed that Renu`s medical bills up till date be scrutinised by an officer appointed by Delhi finance secretary and if found genuine, the sum is to be reimbursed to her.
"As stated hereinabove, the ceiling of Rs.7 lakh mentioned in Delhi government circular shall not come in the way of the state reimbursing the petitioner`s medical bills `on actual basis`. Also if the petitioner is entitled to any further interim relief, the same may be granted to her by the state in accordance with its policies," said the court`s order.

Advocate Kamlesh Kumar Mishra told the court that Renu was 19 years old when the tenant in her family`s home threw acid on her face in 2006 in retaliation for his tenancy being cancelled.
According to the plea filed through Renu was granted compensation only in 2015, and had not received any aid for medical treatment from the government till then. She has now sought Rs 50 lakh as compensation, as well as free medical treatment for her injuries.

------------------
Batala: Two persons, including a teenager, have been arrested for allegedly throwing acid on six girl students when they were returning home from school.

A 14-year-old girl suffered around 18 percent burn injuries on her face and arm, while five of her friends received minor burns as some drops of acid fell on them, when 19-year-old Saajan who was on a motorcycle with Lovepreet Singh, threw the corrosive liquid on them.
The girl who suffered the most severe injuries was said to be the target of the attack as she had spurned the advances of the main accused Saajan.

Dera Baba Nanak Station House Officer (SHO) Satpal Singh said said both accused have been arrested and a case under different sections of IPC has been registered against them.
The victim had told her family that the accused was stalking her for the past two-three days. Her family members had then raised the matter with Saajan's parents, who possibly reprimanded him. Upset over this, the accused allegedly threw acid at her, police said.

------------------
Batala: Six teenage girls were injured in an acid attack in Dera Baba Nanak area here on Wednesday evening after one of them spurned the advances of the assailant, police said.

Senior Superintendent of Police Diljinder Singh Dhillon said while a 14-year-old girl suffered around 18 percent burn injuries on her face and arm, five of her friends were also injured as some drops of the corrosive liquid fell on them when two motorcycle-borne youths allegedly threw acid at a group of girls returning home from school.
The girl, who suffered most injuries, was said to be the target of the attack.
The main accused has been identified as Saajan (19), a resident of Phurewal in Amritsar.
The victim had told her family that the accused was stalking her for the past two-three days. Her family members had then raised the matter with Saajan's parents, who possibly reprimanded him. Upset over this, the accused allegedly threw acid at her, police said.
Saajan was reportedly studying in the same school as the victim but was rusticated for bad conduct, the SSP said.
A case has been registered against the accused and his unidentified accomplice and hunt is on for them, police said.
Meanwhile, Punjab Education Minister Daljit Singh Cheema directed the District Education Officer to immediately release Rs 50,000 for the girl's treatment, personally visit her at the hospital, and report her condition to him.

Cheema directed SSP Batala to take immediate action against the culprit and told the the Deputy Commissioner, Amritsar, to ensure special care and treatment of the victim.
The Education Minister also spoke to the doctors of Guru Nanak Medical Hospital and the victim's father, and assured him of full support in securing justice.

------------------
Batala: Six teenage girls were injured in an acid attack in Dera Baba Nanak area here on Wednesday evening after one of them spurned the advances of the assailant, police said.

Senior Superintendent of Police Diljinder Singh Dhillon said while a 14-year-old girl suffered around 18 percent burn injuries on her face and arm, five of her friends were also injured as some drops of the corrosive liquid fell on them when two motorcycle-borne youths allegedly threw acid at a group of girls returning home from school.
The girl, who suffered most injuries, was said to be the target of the attack.
The main accused has been identified as Saajan (19), a resident of Phurewal in Amritsar.
The victim had told her family that the accused was stalking her for the past two-three days. Her family members had then raised the matter with Saajan's parents, who possibly reprimanded him. Upset over this, the accused allegedly threw acid at her, police said.
Saajan was reportedly studying in the same school as the victim but was rusticated for bad conduct, the SSP said.
A case has been registered against the accused and his unidentified accomplice and hunt is on for them, police said.
Meanwhile, Punjab Education Minister Daljit Singh Cheema directed the District Education Officer to immediately release Rs 50,000 for the girl's treatment, personally visit her at the hospital, and report her condition to him.

Cheema directed SSP Batala to take immediate action against the culprit and told the the Deputy Commissioner, Amritsar, to ensure special care and treatment of the victim.
The Education Minister also spoke to the doctors of Guru Nanak Medical Hospital and the victim's father, and assured him of full support in securing justice.

------------------
Mumbai: Bollywood actress Kangana Ranaut today hinted at making a film on her sister Rangoli, who is an acid attack survivor.

Kangana said though she had a conversation with Rangoli on making such movie but the latter was not excited.
"I told her I want to make a story on you. I want the rights of your life. I want to play you, me, everyone. She said yes it will be a very big flop film," Kangana told reporters.
The actress was speaking at the new cover launch of Femina magazine.
"On a serious note, I think her (Rangoli's) life is far more interesting than my life, thanks to her husband who has been madly in love with her since day one. My life is not as exciting as Rangoli," Kangana added.
Rangoli narrated her struggle since a man flung acid on her and the impact the incident had on her life.
"I was struggling for my life. When acid goes deep inside your skin and if you're not treated on time, it attacks your organs also. When the incident happened, I was struggling for my life...The psychological problems, the scar problems, was not on mind," she said.
Rangoli recalled the physical pain and mental trauma she underwent after the attack.
"My sister was there who inspired me. I am more confident today than I was before the acid attack. I know my strengths and weakness. My accident has taught me a lot," she said.
Kangana, who has acted in women-oriented films like Queen and Tanu Weds Manu Returns, feels the perception about heroes in society needs to be changed.
"I always say the guy who threw acid on Rangoli and people who do things like that, they think it's very heroic. Their idea of heroism comes from movies and this sort of stalker, excessive lover is hugely inspired from films. These rejected boys identify themselves a lot with tragic characters. We need to change perception of heroes," she said.

Rangoli, who manages the work of her sister, has expressed her desire to start a production house.
"Right now I am managing Kangana. But I have bigger goals. I would like to produce a film and Kangana will direct it," she added.

------------------
Raipur: As the doctors at a Delhi hospital said the condition of tribal rights activist and AAP leader Soni Sori was stable and there was no threat to her life, Chhattisgarh police here denied that they had any role in the attack on her.

Sori was flown to Delhi after the attack in which some persons rubbed acid-like chemical on her face.
"This is not an acid attack. Someone threw black ink or grease on Soni Sori's face in Dantewada. She is suffering pain because the black material rubbed on her face made scratches," Special Director General of Police (Anti-Naxal operations) D M Awasthi told PTI here.
"An FIR has been lodged and we trying to locate the mischief-mongers. Police are actively searching for them," he said.
Rejecting allegations of police's involvement in the incident, Awasthi said, "Police has no role in the incident which is a bodily offence. The incident is deplorable and we condemn such an incident taking place with any individual, whatever be their leanings or affiliations. Sori is entitled to all rights and protection like any other citizen."
On February 20, three unidentified motorcycle-borne youths attacked the teacher-turned-politician with an acid-like black chemical near Jawanga village in Dantewada.

Yesterday, she was flown to Delhi by AAP and was admitted at Indraprashta Apollo Hospital as local doctors couldn't identify the substance smeared on her face.
"The patient came to the hospital last night with chemical burns on her face and was immediately admitted in the ICU... We are hopeful that she will recover within the next few weeks and are carefully monitoring the situation on an hourly basis. Her condition is stable at the moment with no threat to her life," the hospital said in a statement today.

------------------
Raipur: Three unidentified men allegedly hurled acid like chemical late Saturday on tribal activist and Aam Adami Party (AAP) leader Soni Sori in Chhattisgarh's Maoist-hit Dantewada district.

According to police, the incident took place near Jawanga village under Geedam police station at around 10:40 pm when Sori along with her two associates was heading towards Geedam from Jagdalpur on a motorcycle.
As per the statement of the victim, three youths on a motorcycle stopped them after crossing Bastanar Ghat and asked them to alight from their vehicle. One of them immediately hurled the liquid at her face following which the trio fled from the spot, he said.
Subsequently her associates rushed her to Geedam hospital and informed police.
Though the substance did not disfigure her face Sori said she suffered from a burning sensation, the official said.
"According to doctors the alleged liquid seemed to be grease diluted with chemical. The woman (Sori) was further shifted to Jagdalpur hospital and kept under observation as she has complained of burning sensation in her face," he added.

A case has been registered in this connection based, the official said adding that further probe was on.
With Agency inputs

------------------
Bijnor: Whenever the term acid attack is used, the first thing that comes to mind is of a jilted lover assaulting his lover/ex-girlfriend.

However, the latest incident has changed the common perception.
In Uttar Pradesh's Bijnor, a 19-year-old girl has been accused of attacking her boyfriend with acid.
As per the Times of India, the girl attacked her 21-year-old boyfriend for rejecting her marriage proposal.

As per the report, the girl  identified as Afreen - called her friend Sooraj Kumar to her home on Sunday night for her birthday party.
There, Sooraj was attacked with acid and sustained 20 percent burn injuries.
The boy is said to be out of danger.
"I am Hindu and Afreen is Muslim. We cannot get married as we belong to different faiths. I told her that my marriage has been settled and this angered her," Sooraj was quoted as saying by the daily.

Afreen and Sooraj, reportedly, studied together at a degree college in Bijnor.
An FIR has been registered in connection with the incident at Mandawar police station.

------------------
Bijnor: A 19-year-old girl allegedly threw acid at her lover who was getting married to another girl in Inampura village here, police said on Monday.

The girl, identified as Afreen, yesterday threw acid over her lover, Suraj, a 22-year-old Dalit man, when he was leaving after her birthday celebration, they said.
The victim, who works in Haridwar, was rushed to a hospital with burn injuries on his face and body, they said.
According to Suraj's complaint, he and Afreen were in a love relationship since they were in college but recently his family arranged his marriage with another girl, police said.

The man has received 50 per cent burn injuries, they said.
A case has been lodged against the girl and an investigation is underway, police added.

------------------
New Delhi: A youth, who was a victim of acid attack by his cousin, has been awarded Rs 12 lakh compensation by a Delhi court which said it was ironical that while the perpetrator walks free under the cover of rights, the survivor suffers trauma and ostracisation throughout his life.

The court also termed it unfortunate that acid was easily available and it was being rampantly used.
"What makes the matter worse is total lack of legal guarantee to free medical care, rehabilitation and adequate compensation scheme for the survivors," Additional District Judge Kamini Lau said.
The court directed Sarai Rohilla resident Vipin Jain to pay Rs 12 lakh as damages to his cousin Yogesh Jain, on whom he had thrown acid in January 2005 when he was going to market with his friend.
The suit said Vipin had called Yogesh from behind and when he turned back, threw acid on him which severely damaged his face, right eye and other parts of the body.
Vipin was convicted by a trial court and given five years jail. He has filed an appeal against his sentence. The suit said that the two families were into a property dispute and there was also professional rivalry as they were into similar pharmaceutical business.

The court noted that plaintiff has already spent Rs 5 lakh and further Rs 20 lakh is to be paid on skin grafting and plastic surgery and has to undergo around 10 more surgeries.
"When I saw Yogesh in the court, I did not need any other proof of the horrendous incident of acid attack or his sufferings as evident from his photographs," the judge said.

------------------
Patna: The old parents of two youth - for whose murder former MP Mohammad Shahabuddin and three others were on Friday awarded life imprisonment by a Siwan court - expressed dissatisfaction over the verdict and demanded death sentence for the politician.

"We are not happy with the court`s verdict; it has disappointed us. We want death penalty for Shahabuddin and three others who kidnapped and then murdered our two sons," Chandrakeshwar Prasad and his wife Kalawati Devi told the media.
Shahabuddin and three others had doused the two brothers, Girish Raj and Satish Raj, in acid in 2004 before murdering them.
"We respect the court but it is not justice. We hope to get justice in god`s court," Prasad added.
Kalawati also favoured death penalty for the accused.
Prasad demanded more security for the couple after the court verdict.
Shahabuddin is languishing in a jail for several years in connection with serious criminal cases.

On Wednesday, Additional District Judge of Siwan Special Court Ajay Kumar Srivastava convicted Shahabuddin and others in the case on charges of criminal conspiracy, kidnapping and murder.
Shahabuddin`s son Osama has been charged with the killing of local Bharatiya Janata Party leader Rajiv Roshan, a witness in the murder case.

------------------
New Delhi:The Supreme Court on Monday directed the state governments and union territories administrations to include the names of the acid attack victims in the list of disabled people.


"We additionally direct all the states and union territories to consider the plight of such victims and take appropriate steps with regard to inclusion of their names under the disability list," said a bench of Justice M.Y.Eqbal and Justice C. Nagappan in their judgment.
The direction came as it said that the Rs.3 lakh compensation to the acid attack victims by the state governments as ordered by it 2013 was the minimum amount as actual compensation would vary from case to case depending on the nature and severity of the injury.
"The guidelines issued by (July 18, 2013) orders (of apex court) in the (victim) Laxmi`s case are proper, except with respect to the compensation amount," it said.
"Keeping in view the impact of acid attack on the victim on his social, economical and personal life, we need to enhance the amount of compensation. We cannot be oblivious of the fact that the victim of acid attack requires permanent treatment for the damaged skin," said Justice Eqbal speaking for the bench.
The court said this while directing the Bihar government to give enhanced compensation amount to Rs.10 lakh and Rs.3 lakh respectively to two Dalit sisters who suffered an acid attack for rejecting sexual advances by the local boys.
The sisters were attacked around midnight of October 21, 2012 by four assailants who threw acid on their face and bodies while they were sleeping on their house`s rooftop.
Noting that the amount of Rs.3 lakh would be of no help to the acid attack victim, the judgment said: "We are conscious of the fact that enhancement of the compensation amount will be an additional burden on the state. But prevention of such a crime is the responsibility of the state and the liability to pay the enhanced compensation will be of the state."
It said that the enhanced compensation would help in the victim`s rehabilitation and make the state government implement the apex court guidelines in true spirit so that crime of acid attack could be prevented in the future.
Pointing out that Rs.3 lakh compensation was minimum, the court said: "The state has the discretion to provide more compensation to the victim in the case of acid attack as per Laxmi`s case guidelines. It is also to be noticed that this court has not put any condition in Laxmi`s case as to the degree of injuries which a victim has suffered due to acid attack."
Noting that despite the direction of the court, only 17 states and seven union territories have notified the Victim Compensation Scheme, the court said that out of this, seven states and four union territories have not initiated it.

Even in those states where the scheme has been implemented, a meagre compensation ranging between Rs.25,000 to Rs.2 lakh is provided for medical care, while many states have not provided any compensation for rehabilitation at all.
In the present case, the court said that of the total compensation amount of Rs. 13 lakh, a sum of Rs.5 lakh shall be paid within a period of one month and the remaining sum of Rs.8 lakh shall be paid within a period of three months from the date of its order.

------------------
New Delhi: The Supreme Court on Tuesday suggested to an NGO to file a contempt case alleging that hospitals and other authorities were not complying with court directions on providing free treatment to acid attack victims.

"Why don't you file a contempt case," a bench comprising MY Eqbal and C Nagappan said, on being informed that private hospitals were not giving free treatment to victims of acid attack and "washing their hands of" without even providing first aid.
Senior advocate Colin Gonsalves, appearing for Bihar-based NGO Parivartan Kendra which has sought court's direction on rehabilitation of acid attack victims, alleged that private hospitals were not providing free treatment to the victims.
"Both private and government hospitals have to give free treatment," the counsel said, adding that the private ones were violating the order.
He also said that most of the states have fixed the amount of Rs three lakh as maximum compensation to the victim.
The government's counsel said the Centre has brought in changes in the IPC and the CrPC to facilitate these victims, including a compensation amount of Rs three lakh and extension of jail term for the accused to life imprisonment.
"We are obeying the Supreme Court judgement and not violating it in any manner," he said.
The counsel for Bihar said the state was providing compensation of Rs three lakh, besides free treatment including medicines and expensive reconstruction surgeries to the victims. The court had on September 9 issued show cause notices against governments of Kerala, Karnataka, Mizoram and Madhya Pradesh asking why contempt proceedings should not be initiated against them for not filing replies to a slew of directions it had issued to take care of acid attack victims.
It had asked the Chief Secretaries of the four states to appear and file their responses to the contempt notices within two weeks.
Chief Secretaries of four states had appeared and said they have filed responses on the issue of treatment and rehabilitation of the acid attack victims.
Prior to this, the court had come to the aid of acid attack survivors by issuing several major directions including ordering all private hospitals across the country to provide free treatment, including medicines and expensive reconstruction surgeries, to such victims.
It had asked all state governments and union territories to "take up the matter with the private hospitals" and ensure that acid attack victims are attended to immediately and adequately.
The hospitals, where such victims are rushed after an incident, would have to provide a certificate stating that the person was an acid attack victim. This document would enable her or him to access free treatment, including surgeries, at a later stage, the apex court had directed.

On the banning of off-the-counter acid sale across the country, it had asked all states and UTs to notify acid as a "scheduled substance" to stop its unregulated sale.
The court had also said its order should be sent to Chief Secretaries of all states and UTs, who in turn, would ensure that it reached District Magistrates for compliance and directed them to publicise it to ensure awareness among the people.

------------------
New Delhi: The 23-year-old Russian woman who was attacked with acid in Varanasi and was undergoing treatment here has been flown to Moscow with Indian government assuring her that all medical expenses will be borne by it.

"The acid victim has been flown to Moscow. Our Ambassador has met the mother of the victim," External Affairs Minister Sushma Swaraj tweeted.
The minister further tweeted that "we have assured her that India will bear all expenses on her treatment in Russia."
She said Uttar Pradesh Chief Minister has also announced Rs 5 lakh towards this.

The woman had suffered 46 per cent burn injuries after a local youth threw acid on her on November 13 in Nand Nagar area of Varanasi.
She was admitted to the Intensive Care Unit (ICU) in the burns wing of Delhi's Safdarjung Hospital after she was flown here on Saturday evening in an air ambulance following a request from the Russian embassy and the Centre.

------------------
New Delhi: The Ministry of External Affairs today said that India will bear all the expenses for the treatment of the Russian woman who was attacked with acid in Varanasi on Friday.

"The acid victim has been flown to Moscow. Our Ambassador has met the mother of the victim," External Affairs Minister Sushma Swaraj tweeted.
"We've assured her that India will bear all expenses on her treatment in Russia. CM UP has announced Rs 5 Lakhs towards this," she added.
The Russian woman came to Varanasi four months ago. She rented a place in Lanka area in Varanasi and befriended Siddharth, son of the house owners.

The victim, who has suffered 46 percent burn injuries on her face and body, has been shifted to the national capital for better treatment.
The Centre has sought a report from the Uttar Pradesh government over the incident.

------------------
New Delhi: The 23-year-old Russian woman who was attacked with acid in Varanasi two days ago is in a critical but stable condition and has suffered partial damage to her eyes.

The woman is admitted to the Intensive Care Unit (ICU) in the burn wing of Delhi's Safdarjung Hospital. She was flown to Delhi yesterday evening in an air ambulance following a request from the Russian embassy and the Union government.
"She has 45 per cent chemical burns, with facial burns affecting both the eyes, neck, front part of the chest, abdomen, right arm, complete left leg and right thigh," a senior doctor at the hospital said, adding that she was critical but stable.
The report was submitted by a team of doctors from the burns unit at the hospital, who had examined her on her arrival at 10.10 PM yesterday.
Patchy burn marks were recorded by the team on her back also.
Senior officials at Varanasi had yesterday said that the victim had dual citizenship of Russia and Bulgaria, and she was living with the accused as his friend, and not as a paying guest.
The accused, identified as Siddharth Srivastava, fled to Allahabad after the incident and was arrested after he came to visit the victim at Sir Sunder Lal Hospital, where the victim was undergoing treatment till yesterday.
During her stay at the Varanasi house, she came?close to the landlord's son Siddharth Srivastava, who is a student of music at Banaras Hindu University, a senior police officer had said.
"Srivastav was unhappy over the decision of the woman to return to Russia. They had a quarrel over the issue after which Srivastav threw acid on her," Senior Superintendent of Police Akash Kulhary had said.
On the next day, Srivastav, who had fled to Allahabad after committing the crime, was nabbed when he came back to visit the victim in the hospital, Kulhary said.

A guilt-ridden Srivastav said at a press conference called by police, "I really feel shameful for my act, I don't know whether I would ever be able to meet her in my life."
Varanasi District Magistrate Rajmani Yadav told PTI that UP Chief Minister Akhilesh Yadav sanctioned Rs 5 lakh from the CM Relief Fund for the woman's treatment.

------------------
Berhampur: Nine youths were injured when some miscreants threw acid on them during immersion of Ganesh idols at Beguniapada in Kodala area of Odisha's Ganjam district, the police said today.

While four victims were admitted to MKCG Medical Collwge and Hospital here, others were treated at the local hospital after the incident that took place on Sunday.
Previous enmity is stated to be the cause of the incident, police said.
"Before the immersion, they had dispute over staging of dance. It might be the cause of the incident," the police said.

"Raids are being conducted in different places to nab the accused," Inspector In-Charge of Kodala police station Kalpana Kanhara said.


------------------
Alipurduar: A college girl was seriously injured when a youth allegedly threw acid on her face for not accepting his marriage proposal here, police said today.

Abhi Saha (25) threw acid on the face of the girl when she was returning home from college yesterday, Superintendent of Police A Ravindranathan said.
The girl, admitted to the district hospital here in a critical condition, alleged that the unemployed youth had been disturbing her for a long time with a marriage proposal which she rejected.
The youth was arrested.

------------------
Phnom Penh: A Cambodian court on Monday sentenced a garment factory worker to life in prison for killing another woman in an acid attack motivated by jealous rage over an alleged love affair.

Sroeun Nann was arrested in March after splashing the acid on Meas Vanny, a female security guard.
Meas Vanny, 20, suffered severe burns to her face and body in the attack and died two weeks later at a hospital.
During her trial, Sroeun Nann, 40, confessed to the attack because she was "angry that the woman had a love affair with her husband."
Nou Veasna, presiding judge at Phnom Penh Municipal Court, jailed Sroeun Nann for life for "intentional killing (Meas Vanny) with acid".
Acid attacks are a common form of revenge in Cambodia where corrosive liquid is easily and cheaply available and attackers are rarely brought to justice.
In June, a 25-year-old woman was arrested in capital Phnom Penh for allegedly splashing acid on her 17-year-old sister after discovering that the victim and her husband had been having an affair.
The government has regulated sales of acid and courts impose harsh sentences on perpetrators of attacks.

Legislation passed in 2012 allowed judges to jail acid attackers for between 20 years and life.
The Cambodian Acid Survivors Charity (CASC) has recorded a total of 420 acid burn incidents in Cambodia dating back to 1964.

------------------
New Delhi:A Delhi court has convicted a man for threatening to throw acid on a student and stalking her on her way to college.

Metropolitan Magistrate Shivani Chauhan held Syed Arshad Kadri, a native of Uttar Pradesh, guilty of offences under sections 354 (molestation) 341 (wrongful restraint) and 506 (criminal intimidation) of the IPC, while relying on the girl's testimony.
"Prosecution has, very well with all certainty and conviction, been able to prove and establish the culpability against accused beyond the pales of reasonable doubt," the court said.
The court, which is yet to pronounce quantum of sentence, said, Kadri used to stalk the girl on her way to college where she was a student of mass communication, "restrained her way several times and threatened to throw acid upon her and kidnap her if she did not pay heed to his advances."
It said that Kadri's counsel has not been able to elicit any material contradiction in testimony of complainant and "has not been able to reasonably explain the evidence appearing against him".
The court also rejected Kadri's contention that the girl framed him and she could not recall the mobile number from which he allegedly called her, saying, "the mere fact that the witness does not remember mobile numbers from which the calls were received does not negate the occurrence of the incident".

According to the prosecution, the girl had lodged a complaint on December 1, 2010 that Kadri had been stalking, abusing and threatening her for one month.
Kadri, who was arrested and charge sheeted for the offences, pleaded innocence and claimed he was friends with the girl but her brother falsely implicated him as he did not like him.

------------------
Bhadohi: A man allegedly killed his wife and poured acid on the body to conceal her identity in Gopiganj area, police said here on Monday.

Vikram Kol and 35-year-old Puja Kol had married three years ago and lived in a rented room near the carpet factory where they worked at Raghunathpura, Circle Officer S S Rai said.
On Saturday night, Vikram strangled Puja to death, threw acid on her body and escaped after locking the house, he said.

Radha Devi, owner of the house, informed police today after a foul smell started emanating from the room, Rai said, adding that documents related to their court marriage and pictures were recovered from the room.
The ASP said that efforts were being made to arrest Vikram, who was absconding.

------------------
Sitamarhi (Bihar): Eight persons, including two women, were seriously injured when a group of villagers threw acid on them at Narhaghav in this district following a quarrel over a petty issue, police said on Saturday.

The incident occurred when eight persons, who were cutting grass near Sitamarhi Milk Producers' Cooperative building, were locked in a quarrel on the possession of grass with a group of villagers last night, Sitamarhi Sadar Deputy Superintendent of Police M N Upadhyaya said.

The injured persons were rushed by the locals to the Primary Health Centre (PHC) at Riga, but the doctors there referred them to the Sitamarhi Sadar Hospital as their injuries were serious.
Three persons of the same village have been named accused in an FIR registered by the victims. Raids were on to arrest them, the DSP said.

------------------
Kabul: Freedom of education for girls is still a far-fetched dream in Afghanistan. In a horrifying incident, three girls in the Herat province were attacked with acid by two men for making their way to school.

According to CNN report, two men on a motorbike threw acid in the faces of three girls on Saturday.
The three girls, aged between 16 to 18 years, study in one of the biggest girls' schools in Herat, head of the education department for the province Aziz-ul-Rahman Sarwary was quoted as saying by CNN.
As per Noor hospital head Jamal Abdul Naser Akhundzada, the girls were initially admitted to this hospital soon after the incident. However, their parents later took them elsewhere.

Condition of two girls is critical.
While narrating the incident to the hospital staff, girls revealed that the perpetrators yelled at them, This is the punishment for going to school.

------------------
New Delhi: An acid attack accused has been acquitted as the victim remained untraceable with a Delhi court saying that the "sword" of the case could not be kept "hanging on the accused for eternity".

Metropolitan Magistrate Dheeraj Mor, while granting the accused benefit of doubt, said that the prosecution has failed to discharge the onus placed upon it by not leading convincing and cogent evidence.
"The right of the accused for expeditious trial cannot be defeated/frustrated on unreasonable and unjust grounds. The sword of this case could not have been kept hanging on the accused for eternity, all the more, when the vital/material witnesses have remained untraceable, despite several sufficient attempts," the magistrate said.
The court said that the alleged victim and complainant of the incident Satay Singh could not be traced despite several summons.
It said that the entire case of the prosecution was based upon the foundation laid down by the statement of Singh and in absence of his testimony, the case is "bound to crumble".
The court refused to accept the testimony of one hearsay witness, saying he has failed to disclose the source of his information about the incident and his statements are vague.
"In the instant case, none of the relevant prosecution witnesses has uttered even a single word against the accused regarding his role in commission of the said offence. The identity of the accused in a criminal trial is of paramount importance," the magistrate said.
According to the prosecution, accused Sunny, a Delhi resident, had on October 29, 2011 had allegedly thrown acid on Satay Singh at an MCD toilet.
Singh, in his statement at the hospital, had alleged that it might have been the handiwork of Sunny, as he had scolded him for harrassing his daughter.

An FIR was lodged under section 326 (voluntarily causing grievous hurt by dangerous means) of IPC against Sunny at Okhla Industrial Area (OIA) police station and thereafter, he was arrested.
However, during the proceedings, Sunny pleaded not guilty and claimed trial.

------------------
Kabul:Four years after a militiaman doused Mumtaz with a flesh-searing acid for rejecting his marriage proposal, leaving her disfigured, scarred and traumatised, death threats have forced the 20-year-old Afghan into hiding.

Her ordeal encapsulates the major issues roiling Afghanistan -- a silent tsunami of violence against women, anti-Taliban militias bringing further turmoil to an already conflict-torn country and a seemingly dysfunctional state unable to offer Afghans even a modicum of security.
Swaddled in a cobalt blue scarf partly covering her jagged facial scars, Mumtaz vividly recalls the horrors of that night when the jilted lover stormed into her house with six other assailants, holding up the corrosive liquid.
"He grabbed me by my hair and hurled the acid at my face with such vengeance, as if to say `now let`s see who will marry you`," Mumtaz, who goes by one name, told AFP in a safe house in the volatile northern province of Kunduz.
She remembers screaming and writhing as the acid, some of which splattered on her sisters and mother, burned through her flesh.
Mumtaz has undergone multiple surgeries and painful skin grafts since the attack in 2011 -- and is now forced to live in hiding due to threats purportedly from the assailants, some of whom are still at large.
Her plight is worsened by an escalating conflict in Kunduz, where the Taliban recently launched a large-scale offensive, creeping ever closer to the provincial capital and trapping civilians between insurgents and a miscellany of pro-government forces and militias.
Statistics are scant but acid attacks are common in Afghanistan, often used to deface and cripple women even for minor transgressions such as refusing to wear a head scarf or rebuffing unsolicited lovers.When she was 14, Mumtaz, known within her extended family for her doe eyes and flawless skin, hid herself behind the folds of a burqa to evade the amorous advances of a militiaman called Nasir.
The daughter of a wheat farmer stopped going out unchaperoned and avoided the main village thoroughfares.
But Nasir, who gained local infamy for his links to an anti-Taliban militia, stubbornly lingered outside her house and waylaid her even as her family in a heated exchange warned him to back down.
Two years later, when Mumtaz got engaged to another man, he burst into her house to avenge the humiliation of rejection by wrecking her beauty.
He escaped after the horrific attack but a court sentenced three of his accomplices to a decade in prison, a rare judgement in a nation that offers female victims little legal recourse.
Ironically, though, Mumtaz`s real troubles began when they were put behind bars.
"They threatened to behead me. `We will kill your whole family when we get out of prison`, they said. `We will come after you`," Mumtaz said.
Armed intruders have attempted to break into her house, said Women for Afghan Women (WAW), a nongovernmental organisation which helped Mumtaz with legal aid and seeking treatment for acid burns in India.
"We are very concerned about her safety," Haseena Sarwari, the Kunduz manager for WAW, told AFP.
"The men in Mumtaz`s household are forced to carry firearms and take turns to sleep at night," she said, clarifying that the motive of those intruders was not always clear as cracks of mock gunfire from inside were enough to deter them.
Mumtaz`s father, Sultan, said the attempted intrusions forced them to move houses but going to his farm was fraught with risks.
Relatives of the jailed assailants have chased him down by motorcycle, threatening him with consequences if they did not get out of prison soon.
"They will never leave us alone," Sultan said with a lump in his throat.
The attack on his daughter makes him writhe with fury but also shudder with fear.
"We are barely living, confined to our home, stripped of our livelihood," he said. "It`s a helpless feeling."AFP could not access the families of the assailants, residing in an outlying village of Kunduz city that has seen regular skirmishes between insurgents and militias.
In recent years Afghanistan has seen a rise of militias, former mujahideen strongmen both feeding off and fuelling the conflict, and accused of a litany of abuses including rape and forcibly collecting "protection tax" from civilians.
When he came to power last year President Ashraf Ghani vowed to disarm the militias, blamed for devastating Afghanistan during the country`s civil war in the 1990s and setting the stage for a Taliban takeover.
But as the Taliban insurgency spreads north from its southern stronghold, the government appears to be remobilising them to augment Afghan security forces.
"The predatory behaviour of these militias, and abuses that include extrajudicial killings, beatings, and looting, have left civilians trapped between them and the Taliban and has bolstered some support for the insurgents," Patricia Gossman of Human Rights Watch said in a recent statement.
"But the Afghan government is again reactivating militias that threaten the lives of ordinary Afghans. If there is to be any hope of a long-term security in Kunduz -- and across Afghanistan -- this reliance on abusive militias has to end."

Earlier this year Mumtaz married the man she was engaged to, bringing a faint glimmer of hope in her life.
"But I live in constant fear that they (the assailants) will find me one day."

------------------
New Delhi: Delhi government has decided to give jobs to acid attack survivors and a committee will be formed to look into the issues of acid attack victims.

According to a senior official, a representation from acid attack victims was received by Chief Minister Arvind Kejriwal in which they have requested that government jobs be extended to them.
Following the plea, the government has proposed that, as a special relief measure, suitable government jobs (contract or permanent) be provided to these survivors.
According to official figures, there are 35 acid attack survivors in the city.

The services department has been asked to invite applications from acid attack victims and consider these on a priority basis for any suitable vacancies, current or future, which may be filled on contract or permanent basis.

------------------
Mumbai: They say beauty lies in the eyes of the beholder. And rightly so! Here we have Reshma Banoo Qureshi, an 18-year-old acid attack survivor, who defines beauty in her own way. For her, beauty is beyond having a pretty face and body.

Blush, a YouTube channel, which shares beauty tips and fashion tricks, gave a makeover to Reshma, who narrated her horrific story while undergoing the change she wanted to feel and see.
The makers of this video recognize the inner beauty in each person, but they believe every girl loves a makeover once in a while. And hence, Reshma, who too wanted to undergo a makeover knew she would look prettier than Katrina Kaif.
Heres taking a look at what this brave heart says:


Reshma is certainly a beauty who has challenged all odds and stood up for herself bravely. One year after she was brutally attacked, she awaits justice as her attackers roam free.
Heres saluting her spirit and beauty.

------------------
New Delhi: The National Commission for Women (NCW) chairperson Lalitha Kumaramangalam on Monday supported the proposal of bringing acid attack survivors under the Disability Act cover so as to provide them privileges in jobs and education.

"We have recommended this to the Home Minister that acid attack survivors be brought within the ambit of the Persons with Disability Act so that they can get government jobs etc and he has agreed to look into it.
"He was quite welcoming of the idea and said that he would look into it as to how this can be implemented," said Kumaramangalam at the launch of the campaign 'War Against Acid Violence' and a Trauma Informed Care Kit (TICK) supported by the Acid Survivors Foundation of India (ASFI).
She also vouched for the need to train the victims and rehabilitate them to make them self-dependent.
"The acid attack survivors lack social support and people are not empathetic towards them. There is need to train them and rehabilitate them so that they can stand on their on own feet. Government and the private players need to step in to help them lead a normal life.
"The acid attack survivors merely don't need sympathy. They need to have some sort of life where they can live with dignity and self-esteem. And this is what the society as a whole does not accord them," she said.
Kumaramangalam also stressed on the need to introduce stringent laws to stop acid attacks and implementation of existing laws to combat the heinous crime.
"We need to bring newer and tougher laws. In India we have quite many laws but they are not implemented properly. You see even though fast track courts have been set up for rape victims, the judgement is delayed," she said.
"There is immediate need to curtail the free sale of acids in the retail shops. Acid is freely available in our country. We need to look into the availability of acids and the manufacturers of acid. They don't bother about where these bottles end up," she said.

The newly launched TICK claims to be the first of its kind and introduces the first holistic methodology for tackling the trauma consequent to acid attacks.
A presentation by ASFI depicted various aspects of acid attacks pointing to the alarming rate at which the acid attacks have increased in the last one year. 

------------------
Lucknow: Seven members of a family were injured in an acid attack in Meerut, police said on Friday.

The incident occurred early morning in Shaukeen Garden in the Lisadi Gate area when a family was sleeping on the roof of their house.
Police said the attack was carried out by one Shahid and his friend.
The attack was aimed at Uzma, the estranged wife of Shahid now living with her parents in Meerut.

"There was marital acrimony between the couple and the two were living separately. The crime seems to have been the result of a simmering discontent, we are trying to arrest the accused," a police official told IANS.
Uzma had earlier lodged a complaint with the local police accusing her husband and in-laws of torture and victimisation.

------------------
Ballia: A 20-year-old youth suffered serious injuries when his jilted ladylove threw acid on him in Jaam village here, police said on Friday.

The victim, Rajkumar Pal, was in relationship with the girl, who was pressuring him to marry her. When Rajkumar refused the accused acid on him last night, SHO Inspector Sandeep Singh said.

The victim was then rushed to the community health centre from where he was referred to Varanasi hospital.
Rajkumar's mother has lodged an FIR against the girl who is now absconding, they added.

------------------
Meerut: A late night acid attack left seven members of a family, including a six-month-old child and five women, injured in Meerut.

Nisar, who pulls a rickshaw for a living, alleged that his family was attack ed by his son-in-law, over a dowry related dispute.
"At around 2 am last night, one Sajid and one Saka Wasim climbed out terrace. They had a can of acid with them and threw the acid on us. My daughter got married to Sajid two years ago. I recently sold my house and he was asking me for Rs 1 lakh," said Nisar.

"He (Sajid) had sprayed kerosene oil on my daughter two months ago. I had filed a complaint but I was asked for Rs 5,000 and nobody was arrested," he added.
The victims are currently receiving treatment at a local hospital.

------------------

------------------
Mathura: A woman and her brother sustained injuries in an acid attack allegedly by her husband and in-laws at Rajmarg here today, police said.

The incident took place when they were returning after filing a dowry case against her in-laws when her husband Gaffar and his brothers Tahir and Wasir hurled acid on their faces, said Surendra Kumar Singh, station in-charge, Kosikala.

They have been admitted to district hospital, he said, adding, a case has been registered against the three brothers, who are absconding, and efforts are on to nab them.
The two families had a dispute over dowry and the woman had filed a complaint against her in-laws for harassing her over dowry, police said.

------------------
Balangir: A minor girl was allegedly raped and murdered by unidentified men who poured acid on her face apparently to stall investigation at Sargipalli in Balangir district of Odisha, police said here on Sunday.

The body of the 15-year-old victim, who had passed the matriculation examination this year, was found near a nullah yesterday with acid burn on her face and neck, Deputy Superintendent of Police, Balangir, KK Panigrahi said.
Quoting the FIR lodged by her father, police said the girl was missing since Friday.
Police have launched investigation into the incident on the basis of the complaint lodged by the girl's father yesterday, they said.
This is a heinous crime and the police is making all efforts to nab the culprits, Panigrahi said.
A few days back, a minor girl was also raped in the district at Kantabanji and a boy arrested in this connection.

Meanwhile, Balangir Child welfare Committee member Satya Singh said that the children of Balangir district are not safe with cases of rape, murder and kidnapping increasing day by day.


------------------
Bhopal: A 25-year-old woman was on Friday attacked with acid by her jilted lover, who subsequently killed himself in remorse on the spot near Sai Baba temple under the Ashoka Garden police station limits, police said.

Before the incident took place, the young woman had gone to Ashoka Garden police station to lodge her complaint against the 45-year-old accused Sanjay Patil, who was allegedly stalking her.
But, Sub Inspector Roop Singh Thakur allegedly told her to approach Bajaria police station where she and her family had earlier lodged a report against the accused.
Subsequently, Thakur was suspended for being lax in performing his duty following the girl's statement at the private Narmada Hospital where she is being treated, Superintendent of Police (North) Arvind Saxena told PTI.
According to Ashoka Garden police station in-charge, Inspector Mohan Sarwan the accused had an altercation with the woman following which he hurled acid at her.
When he saw the girl writhing in pain, he stabbed himself to death, Saxena said, adding the woman had stopped interacting with Patil some time ago after which he was upset.
The deceased and the woman lived at Shankracharya Nagar under Bajaria police station and had grown close. Recently Patil started living in an area situated on Raisen road.
The inspector said that all was not well between the two and Patil had been to her house on May 16 but was not welcomed. Also, differences had cropped between the woman's family and Patil.
On May 17, her family lodged a complaint with Bajaria police station. But the cops did not take the complaint seriously, sources close to the family said.
On May 20, the deceased had entered the gymnasium where the girl worked as a trainer close to Apsara Cinema Hall.
Patil's body had been sent for post-mortem, police said adding that investigations were on.
Meanwhile, Madhya Pradesh Chief Minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan after getting the information about the acid attack visited the girl at the hospital and assured them of all help from the government on the medical expenses.

The woman, who received acid burns on her cheek, breasts and shoulders, told him that she was turned away by policemen at the Ashok Garden police station when she went to lodge complaint before the incident following which Chouhan ordered immediate suspension of SI Thakur.


------------------
Bhopal: A 45-year-old man on Friday threw acid on a woman and later committed suicide here, police said. The woman suffered severe burn injuries in the incident.

Superintendent of Police Arvind Saxena told IANS: "Around 7 am the woman, Renu (22), was going on her scooter when Sanjay Patil manhandled her, following which he threw acid on the girl.
"She has suffered major burn injuries and is being treated in a government-run hospital."
He said the man then stabbed himself to death on the spot.

"I was going to gym when he attacked me and following a verbal spat threw acid on me," Renu told mediapersons here.
According to the woman, the man was harassing her for a long time and she had reported it to police, who did not take any action.

------------------
Muzaffarnagar: A man allegedly threw acid on his wife and assaulted her following a heated argument between them near Khudda village here, police said on Sunday.

Shabnam and Sajid were returning home last evening when the couple entered into a verbal fight in their car, after which the husband started assaulting her in the vehicle, they said.
The man chased her after she started running away from him and reportedly threw acid on her, police said.

Victim Shabnam had returned to her parents' house about one week ago after a domestic dispute. She was allowed to go back after the husband's parents gave an assurance over the matter, according to the police.
The victim sustained burn injuries and has been sent for medical examination with an FIR registered against the accused, police said adding that they are searching for the accused and his family members in this connection.

------------------
Muzaffarnagar: A man allegedly threw acid on his wife and assaulted her following a heated argument between them near Khudda village here, police said on Sunday.

Shabnam and Sajid were returning home last evening when the couple entered into a verbal fight in their car, after which the husband started assaulting her in the vehicle, they said.
The man chased her after she started running away from him and reportedly threw acid on her, police said.

Victim Shabnam had returned to her parents' house about one week ago after a domestic dispute. She was allowed to go back after the husband's parents gave an assurance over the matter, according to the police.
The victim sustained burn injuries and has been sent for medical examination with an FIR registered against the accused, police said adding that they are searching for the accused and his family members in this connection.

------------------
Lahore: A Pakistani man has been sentenced to 117 years rigorous imprisonment and fined of Rs 1 million by an anti-terrorism court here for throwing acid on his former wife and her husband.

The Anti-Terrorism Court II of Multan district yesterday awarded the sentence to Muhammad Amjad and also imposed Rs 1 million fine.
According to Punjab government prosecution department, Amjad had allegedly thrown acid on his ex-wife Javedan Bibi and her husband Muhammad Riaz after trespassing on their house on December 7, 2014 in Multan city, some 350 kilometres from here.
The couple was shifted to the Burns Centre of Nishtar Hospital where Javedan Bibi succumbed to her acid burns on December 26 while Riaz survived with burns on his chest and face.

An FIR was registered against Amjad under sections 302, 324 and 326-B of the Pakistan Penal Code (PPC) and Section 7 of the Anti-Terrorism Act (ATA) who was later arrested.
Amjad confessed to have committed the crime saying he wanted to teach a lesson to his former wife for remarrying after taking divorce from him.

------------------
Madhubani: Five persons were injured in an acid attack on them by a neighbour at a village in Madhubani district, a police officer said on Thursday.

The incident took place at Mahrail village last night as the assailant Gulam Ansari took out acid from his vehicle and hurled it at five members of a neighbouring family following a dispute between the two sides, Rudrapur police station in-charge Pradeep Kumar said.
The injured persons have been admitted to a Sub-Divisional Hospital at Jhanjharpur, he said.

Ansari has been arrested after one of the acid attack victim Anwar Ansari lodged a case against five persons, including Gulam Ansari, for the attack on his family members, Kumar said.
Raids were being carried out to nab the other accused persons, the police officer said.

------------------
Raebareli:An unidentified person on Thursday threw acid on a 21-year-old woman while she was sleeping outside her hut in Baghaula village in Salon area here in the wee hours today, police said.

The woman was sleeping outside her hut with her mother and sister when the unidentified person threw acid on her, they said.

She was rushed to a hospital and her condition is stated to be stable.
Police is probing the matter. No arrests have so far been made in this connection, they said.

------------------
Dhaka:A Bangladeshi court on Wednesday sentenced a man to death in Rangpur district for throwing acid at a school girl in 2012.

Rangpur District and Sessions Judge Manjurul Basid handed the maximum penalty to Ariful Islam while his two associates, Alal Miah and Dulal Hossain, received life sentences, bdnews24.com reported.
Masuda Akhter became blind after the attack on the night of August 13, 2012.
She was a ninth grader and lived in Dakkshin Babukha.

Each convict has been fined 100,000 taka (about $1,250). The court ordered that the money be given to the victim.
Two other accused in the case, Arefin and Rasel, have been acquitted.

------------------
New Delhi: With the country witnessing 310 cases of acid attack in 2014, Home Minister Rajnath Singh on Tuesday said the government is contemplating to make available online data on the sale of acid.

"We are developing a software for online regularisation of sale of acid. It is under process," Singh said during the Question Hour. The government has also made nodal groups to monitor sale of acids in each state, Singh said.
Minister of State for Home Haribhai Chaudhary said state governments have been asked to ensure that acid is sold to a person above 18 years of age, the buyer has a photo identity card and a register is maintained to track the use of acid.
"In addition, refusal of treatment for an acid attack victim has been made punishable by imprisonment of up to one year," Chaudhary said.
He said Uttar Pradesh recorded the highest number of acid attack cases with 186 such incidents reported in the state out of the 310 cases registered across the country in 2014.
Chaudhary said 27 acid attack cases were registered in Delhi, the highest among all union territories.
Chaudhary said among other states, 53 acid attack cases were registered in Madhya Pradesh, 11 in Gujarat, seven in Haryana, six in Maharashtra, four each in Punjab and Andhra Pradesh and three each in Bihar and Odisha last year.
A total of 208 people were arrested across India for their alleged involvement in acid attack cases in 2014. Of them, 119 people were arrested in Uttar Pradesh, 46 in Madhya Pradesh and 10 in Gujarat, he said during the Question Hour.
The Minister said following a directive of the Supreme Court, the Home Ministry has sent a number of advisories to the states and union territories asking them to take necessary action for treatment and giving compensation to the victims.
The states have been conveyed that no acid attack victim will be denied treatment by any hospital, public or private under any pretext and any erring hospital/clinic violating the legislative provisions should be dealt with sternly.

Administrative machinery of the states/UTs will also ensure treatment of acid attack victims.
First-aid and treatment to the acid attack victims should be provided free of cost and minimum compensation of Rs 3 lakh must be provided to acid attack victims, the minister said, adding there are plans to give an additional Rs 5 lakh as compensation.

------------------
New Delhi: Uttar Pradesh has recorded the highest number of acid attack cases with 186 such incidents reported in the state out of the 310 cases registered across the country in 2014.

Minister of State for Home Haribhai Chaudhary also told Lok Sabha that 27 acid attack cases were registered in Delhi, the highest among all union territories.
Chaudhary said among other states, 53 cases of acid attacks were registered in Madhya Pradesh, 11 in Gujarat, seven in Haryana, six in Maharashtra, four each in Punjab and Andhra Pradesh and three each in Bihar and Odisha last year.
A total of 208 people were arrested across the India for their alleged involvement in acid attack cases in 2014.
Of these, 119 people were arrested in Uttar Pradesh, 46 in Madhya Pradesh and 10 in Gujarat, Chaudhary said during the Question Hour.
The Minister said following a directive of the Supreme Court, the Home Ministry has sent a number of advisories to the states and union territories asking them to take necessary action for treatment and giving compensation to acid attack victims.
The states have been conveyed that no acid attack victim will be denied treatment by any hospital, public or private under any pretext and any erring hospital/clinic violating the legislative provisions should be dealt with sternly.

Administrative machinery of the states/UTs will also ensure treatment of acid attack victims.
First aid and treatment to the acid attack victims should be provided free of cost and minimum compensation of Rs three lakh must be provided to acid attack victims, the minister said, adding, there are plans to give an additional Rs five lakh as compensation.

------------------
Jaipur:Four members of a family were on Saturday allegedly attacked with acid by two men over a property dispute here, police said.

Babu Lal Soni, Pawan, Shiv and Parwati received burn injuries when accused, identified as, Mahesh and Shankar threw acid over them at Khajane Walon Ka Rasta here, police said.
They were rushed to the SMS hospital for treatment, they said.

The duo were booked under relevant sections of the IPC and one Vishnu was booked for scuffle, they said, adding, that no arrests were made in the case.
The two families claim their ownership over a disputed property, police said.

------------------
While we have a selfie to mark and celebrate every occasion, there are those who now hide their faces hoping never to be photographed. What if your innocuous, ubiquitous and a little vain thing called selfie could help someone get their face back? Read on to find out how...

In India, at least 3 acid attacks occur every week. A misplaced, vicious intention and Rs 15 is all it takes to disfugure someones face and life. What follows for the survivor is a harrowing tale of recovery (physical and psychological) and demand for justice.
On an average, an acid attack survivor has to go through multiple rounds of plastic surgery (usually 5  6 but in some cases, it could go up to 9  12) for facial reconstruction. The government provides only Rs 3 lakh as compensation  an amount not enough to fund these expensive procedures.
With this in mind, Stop Acid Attack, an organisation working for acid attack survivors, in association with Creative Agency Cheil India, has launched an innovative camapaign  Donate A Face.
Launching today, the campaign involves giving up ones face on social media to create awareness about acid attack survivors and generate funds for them.


We wanted to start a campaign which was easy for everyone to associate with. We see everyone uploading selfies today; so an act as easy as giving up your face could help generate understanding on this issue. Our main aim is to leverage the power of social media to create a conducive environment; a space within civil society to drive attention towards these survivors, says Ashish Shukla, campaigner, Stop Acid Attack.
Shukla adds that crowdfunding to help the survivors for their surgeries is the second step.
We are sure people will come forward to donate. You can donate any amount you wish to. But first and foremost, we want people to get associated with this movement and spread the word, says Ashish.
The campaign starts today (April 10) and will continue for 2 months.
Nima DT Namchu, Chief Creative Officer of Cheil Southwest Asia HQ feels the campaign will put the spotlight on the problems faced by the survivors  the expensive medical procedures, the lack of judicial support or any specific laws for perpetrators; and the fact that the compensation given by the government is simply not enough.
To join the campaign, all you need to do is write donateaface.org on a white paper, hold it in front of your face, click a selfie and upload it as your profile picture on Facebook or Twitter with #donateaface and tag as many friends as possible; then visit the site and contribute whatever you can and ask others to do the same.


In a simple way you can make a difference.

So give your face a break. Donate it for a cause. Today is the day.
It is not everyday that your faceless selfie could help someone get their face back so that they could take a happy look in the mirror and go click!

------------------
Canning: A girl suffered burn injuries when her college classmate threw acid at her for rejecting his proposal in South 24 Parganas district, police said today.

The girl, a BA first year student was returning from tuition at Belegachii village when her classmate Enamul Sardar intercepted her and proposed to her yesterday.

But the girl flatly rejected Sardar's proposal. Sardar then threw acid at her and tried to flee but the local people caught hold of him and handed him to police, the police said.
The girl was first rushed to Canning Sub-Divisional Hospital with burn injuries. Late at night she was transferred to National Medical College and Hospital in Kolkata.

------------------
Mumbai: The Bombay High Court on Thursday directed Maharashtra government to bear the expenditure that will be incurred for plastic surgery and other medical expenses of an acid attack victim.

Aarti Thakur (25), an IT firm employee who was attacked with acid at suburban Goregaon railway station here on January 31, 2012, is scheduled to undergo plastic surgery and other operations at the Nova Specialty hospital next week.
The state government had earlier said that Aarti's case cannot be considered for grant of monetary compensation under Manodhairya Scheme launched on October 2, 2013 as the incident was of a prior date.
The High Court had however, said that setting a cut-off date was arbitrary and contrary to a Supreme Court order directing a sum of at least Rs three lakhs to be paid to rape victims and acid attack victims as after-care and rehabilitation cost.
The court had on the last hearing asked the government to respond by today whether it was ready to bear the medical expenses of Aarti's surgery.
"Despite giving time, the state government has not responded. We are informed that Aarti is scheduled to undergo surgery next week and it cannot be delayed due to pus formation on her injuries. We direct the hospital to ensure that the petitioner (Aarti) is operated without waiting for the money," a division bench of Justices V M Kanade and A R Joshi ordered.
"The hospital shall after the surgery forward all bills to the state government which shall within four weeks thereafter pay the money," the court directed.

The court was hearing a public interest litigation filed by an NGO, Forum Against Oppression of Women, highlighting inordinate delay in implementing a scheme for compensating and rehabilitating rape survivors, as envisaged in the apex court?s decision of 1994, and a petition filed by Aarti Thakur seeking a compensation of Rs 30 lakh from the state government.
The court will hear the petition on April 9. 

------------------
Bijnor: A 27-year-old married woman was allegedly gang-raped by three persons who also threw acid on her in Peeli Chowki area here, police said on Tuesday.

According to an FIR lodged by the woman on March 8, she had taken a lift from three persons from Bijnor bus stand.
The trio allegedly raped her and threw acid on her before leaving her on the roadside near Peeli Chowki village, they said.

The FIR has been registered and police is probing the matter, said Ajai Gautam, Inspector, Bijnor City police station.
No arrests have been made in this connection so far and efforts are on to nab the culprits, he added.

------------------
Gurdaspur: A student was injured when two unidentified assailants allegedly threw acid on her, police said on Thursday.

The incident occurred, when she was going back home after appearing for her examination, they said, adding that the two youths who had covered their faces threw acid on her.
"The girl has sustained 60 per cent burn injuries on her face when these assailants threw acid on her, a few meters away from her home," police said.
The victim has been admitted at a private medical centre in Amritsar.
The cause of the crime is yet to be ascertained. However, teams have been constituted to nab the accused, they said.
Meanwhile, Punjab Education Minister Daljit Singh Cheema has ordered Gurdaspur Deputy Commissioner Abhinav Trikha and SSP Gurpreet Singh Toor to arrest the accused as early as possible and take stringent action against them.
Cheema, in a statement, condemned the act and called it extremely shameful.

He has ordered the Punjab School Education Board to conduct special exams of the victim after her recovery and declare her results with the rest of the students.
Cheema also spoke to the victim's brother and assured him help from the state government and Education Department.

------------------
Samastipur: Four persons, including two women, were seriously injured when a group of people threw acid on them over a land-related dispute at a village in Samastipur district on Tuesday.

The incident occurred at Loknathpur village, police said.

Deputy Superintendent of Police (DSP) Dalsinghsarai Pankaj Kumar said, "A dispute over land was going on for some time between the two groups. It turned violent today when a fight broke out between them and one group threw acid on the other."
"The injured were admitted to a hospital, where the condition of two is critical. We are investigating the case and the culprits will be arrested soon," the DSP added. 

------------------
Jodhpur:A 20-year-old college student suffered injuries on her back and neck when allegedly two unidentified bike-borne assailants threw acid on her here, police said on Monday.

The girl, a student of Maulana Azad Teachers' Training College was attacked today by two motorcycle borne youths who threw acid on her, ACP Durg Singh Rajpurohit said.
The assailants fled the scene after the attack, he said.
"She has sustained minor burn injuries on her back and on the neck behind the right ear, but she is out of any danger," Ajay Malviya, MG Hospital's surgical unit head said, adding that she is being kept under constant observation.
The incident took place while the victim was on her way to the institute, police said.

The assailants have not been identified, they added.
"The girl has not expressed suspicion on any one," Rajpurohit said adding that they are investigating the case from all possible angles.

------------------
Kathmandu:Two teenage Nepalese schoolgirls suffered burn injuries after a masked boy hurled acid at them at a tuition centre here today.

The girls, aged 15 and 16, were studying at the tuition centre in the Basantapur area of the capital when the boy barged into the room and splashed acid on them.
Police said the masked boy fled the scene after the attack, The Himalayan Times reported.
The girls were waiting for their tutor when the incident happened. They were preparing for the secondary school examinations scheduled for next month.
While one of the victims sustained injuries on her chest and a leg, the other girl's face has been disfigured in the attack.

Police said further investigation is underway.
Acid attacks, which disfigure and often blind victims, are a criminal offence in India, there are no specific laws addressing it in Nepal.

------------------
New Delhi: With an estimated 400 cases of acid attacks registered every month across the country, government will soon fix a time-frame for investigation and trial of such cases and ensure maximum punishment to the guilty.

Addressing a seminar on 'Empowering Acid Survivors', Home Minister Rajnath Singh said his Ministry is working for suitable amendments in CrPC for time-bound investigation and trial of all acid attack cases.
"I have already written to the state governments. We will ensure that those involved in such crimes get maximum punishment," he said at the seminar which was attended many acid attack victims.
As per Criminal Law (Amendment) Act 2013, a person convicted for acid attack is sentenced to imprisonment for ten years or life.
The Home Ministry had earlier said that all such cases where maximum punishment of life imprisonment or death sentence is possible will be categorised as heinous crimes.
Singh said government has proposed to bring suitable amendments in law to fix time-frame for disposal of appeals by courts especially in cases of heinous crimes including acid attack to ensure speedy justice.
The Home Minister said the government has already taken a number of steps to regulate sale of acid, increase punishment for perpetrators of acid attack and compensation for the victims etc.
Government had said to regulate the sale of acid, a web application having functionalities like registration of stockists and retailers, issue of licenses by the district administration, targeting sale of acid to individuals only after recording personal details like proof of identity and proof of address of the purchaser will be developed.
This measure will considerably reduce unauthorised sale of acid in the country, he said, adding the victims of acid attacks need to be treated by hospitals in a hassle-free manner.
So far, several states -- Maharashtra, Karnataka, Kerala, Haryana, Punjab, MP, Sikkim and Arunachal Pradesh -- have framed rules to regulate sale of acid and corrosive substances.
However, acid is easily available in Delhi, Uttar Pradesh, Madhya Pradesh, Bihar etc.

There have been reports of increasing number of acid attack cases. Though no official statistics are available about the number of such cases, an estimated 400 cases of acid attacks are registered every month across the country.
According to a report of the Law Commission, acid throwing is an extremely violent crime by which the perpetrator of the crime seeks to inflict severe physical and mental suffering on his victim. This kind of violence is often motivated by deep-seated jealousy or feelings of revenge against a woman. 

------------------
Meerut: A man allegedly threw acid on his wife's face over suspicion of her having an affair with another man here, police said on Sunday.

Vakeel, who worked as a painter in Majeed Nagar area, suspected that his wife was having an affair with their neighbour Irfaan. Due to the suspicion, Vakeel shifted from Bunkar Nagar to Majeed Nagar along with his wife and their eight children, Superintendent of Police Ravinder Yadav said.

The woman allegedly kept meeting Irfaan at her new residence as well. Upset over the development, Vakeel threw acid on his wife's face yesterday, police said.
The accused has been arrested, they said.

------------------
New Delhi:Undaunted by the acid attack on her in a December morning, a 30-year-old doctor of the ESI Hospital here is moving ahead in life.

In her father's words, "She has been strong and confident all throughout."
The woman, who had been undergoing treatment at Rajendra Prasad Centre for Ophthalmic Sciences in AIIMS, was discharged yesterday and is at home with her parents.
"Of course she is hurt because the person responsible for what she is going through today is none but her batch-mate, who was also a good friend... But then she is positive and is moving ahead with confidence," said her father, a DIG in the Border Security Force (BSF).
Even the doctors who treated her said she has shown "tremendous positive spirit and fortitude" which helped her recover fast.
"She is very brave and has shown remarkable fortitude and positive spirit that has helped her recover substantially as she had quite grave injuries and normally we don't expect such a speedy recovery. She also has a very strong family support," said Additional Professor of Ophthalmology and cornea expert Tushar Agarwal.
However, the woman, who thanked the doctors for their care, refused to make any statement. "I have gone through enough and I only know what I have gone through," she said.
At the time of admission, she had Grade-IV chemical injury in the right eye and chemical burns on the right side of her face. "She underwent three procedures in the right eye including amniotic membrane transplantation (once) and ProKera implantation (twice) in the right eye," said Dr Agarwal.
"At discharge, her right cornea and conjunctiva are fully epithelialised. She has regained partial vision in the right eye and continues to show improvement," said AIIMS spokesperson Amit Gupta.
In view of the severity of her injuries, she will require long-term follow-up, Gupta added.

Dr Manish Singhal, a plastic surgeon, is treating the facial damages of the patient according to whom her facial injuries are also showing signs of healing.
On December 23, when the woman was on her way to work two bike-borne men threw acid on her in Rajouri Garden area. Later police arrested four persons, including the woman's batch-mate who was the mastermind of the entire episode.

------------------
Tirunelveli: In a freak incident, four bus passengers suffered burn injuries when its crew in panic hurled a bottle of acid left in the luggage box after smoke emanated from it near here on Thursday, police said.

Passengers of the state-owned transport corporation bus, on its way to Marthandam from Udhagamandalam, complained of irritation and suffocation due to the smoke when the bus was passing through a bypass road near here.
Following this, the driver stopped the bus and along with the conductor checked the luggage box when they found the smoke coming out of the bottle.
Gripped by panic, the crew hurled the bottle. The acid in the bottle fell on passengers sitting inside the bus, injuring four of them. They were treated at a hospital for burns, police said.
They said the bottle kept in the baggage of a passenger had leaked due to jerks in the long journey, emanated smoke.

It was known whether the passenger, yet to be identified, had transported the acid, which is prohibited under rules, with the knowledge of the crew or not, police said adding further investigation was on.


------------------
Madhepura (Bihar): Five persons, including a minor, on Sunday sustained burn injuries when a woman threw acid on them in Madhepura police station area in the district.

The culprit, Prabha Shah, threw acid on her neighbour Janardan Paswan and his three family members following a quarrel, police said.
An eight-year-old child of another family who was present nearby also sustained burn injuries in the acid attack, they said.

The injured were admitted to the Sadar hospital today.


------------------
Jammu: Authorities in Jammu and Kashmir have decided to "strictly" regulate the sale of acid in the state, weeks after a law student in Srinagar became the victim of acid attack.

"With a view to regulate the sale of acid and other corrosive substances and to ensure their genuine use, the state's Home Department has impressed upon all the district magistrates, sub-divisional magistrates and Tehsildars to ensure strict compliance of the Jammu and Kashmir, the Poison (Possession and Sale) Rules, 2014," a senior official of the home department said.
The Supreme Court had recently directed the states to ensure that the counter sale of acid was completely prohibited unless the seller maintained a register regarding the sale of acid.
"As per the Supreme Court directions the seller has to maintain a register containing the details of the person to whom acid is sold and the quantity sold. The register shall contain the address of the persons to whom it is sold," he said.
He said that a buyer could buy acid only after showing his government-issued photo identification.
"The buyer has to specify the reason for buying the acid," he said, adding, "All stocks of acid must be declared by the seller with the concerned Sub-Divisional Magistrate (SDM) within 15 days, no acid shall be sold to any person who is below 18 years of age."
He said that in case of undeclared stock of acid, the concerned SDM could confiscate the stock and suitably impose fine on such seller up to Rs 50,000.

"The educational institutions, research laboratories, hospitals, government departments and the departments of public sector undertakings, who require to keep or store acid, shall also comply to the guidelines," he said.
He said that a person shall be made accountable for possession and safe-keeping of acid in their premises, the acid shall be stored under his supervision and there shall be compulsory checking of the students and the personnel leaving the laboratories, place of storage where acid is used and the concerned SDM shall be vested with the responsibility of taking appropriate action for the violation of the above directions.

------------------
New Delhi: A 30-year-old woman suffered severe burns when two bike-borne men threw acid on her in North West Delhi's Keshav Puram area here on Saturday.


Police have arrested one of the accused. He has been identified as Manjeet, the woman's landlord.
The incident took place around 8:30 PM when the woman, who worked at a nearby factory, was returning home. The accused on a bike threw the acid and fled away.
"Locals rushed her to a nearby hospital where doctors treating her said she has suffered severe burns on the right side of her face which has also partially damaged her eye," said a police officer.
Manjeet initially tried to dodge police during questioning but later confessed to the crime.
"He claimed that the two were in a relationship but things turned sour over something following which he decided to teach her a lesson," he said.

A case for attack using acid has been registered against him and efforts are on to nab his associate, police said.


------------------

------------------
New Delhi: Researchers at AIIMS have collaborated with US-based Ohio University to come up with new avenues and techniques in the field of regenerative medicine and nanotechnology which enables damaged tissues and organs to heal themselves.

The regenerative medicine techniques will have a direct impact on over 90 percent of Indian patients, suffering from health issues like malignant tumours, possible amputations, infected skin tissue.
"Apart from that this medical advancement is going to be a boon for acid attack victims as their damaged skin can be healed and repaired," said AIIMS Director M C Mishra.
A delegation of 70 researchers from Ohio University and the Union Health Minister J P Nadda will hold meetings on January 12-13.
"We will set up a regenerative medicine centre in collaboration with Ohio University at the newly inaugurated Convergence Block of AIIMS. The Ohio University has already developed advanced techniques in the field of regenerative medicine and nanotechnology and have restored body parts like the trachea and urinary bladder not just for Americans but also for patients in European countries," said AIIMS spokesperson Dr Amit Gupta.
The Indian Journal of Plastic Surgery in 2014 concluded that India alone witnesses around 9-10 lakh burn injuries annually leading to damage of skin and organs. Also as per the health ministry estimates, over 500,000 people die each year because of non-availability of organs.

Experts from various fields like plastic surgeons, engineers, dermatologists, oncologist and even general surgeons will form a part of the project.
The project will be funded by the Department of Biotechnology (DBT) and the Indian Council for Medical Research (ICMR).

------------------
Muzaffarnagar: A college student was allegedly threatened with acid attack by two youths after she opposed continued harassment by them in Bachchan Singh colony in New Mandi area here, police said on Monday.

According to a complaint filed by the girl's family yesterday, two youths from the locality had been harassing the girl since some time.
On Saturday, when the girl warned the duo that she would report the matter to the police, the accused threatened her saying that they would throw acid on her if she opposed them.
The girl's family alleged that she has not gone to college after the threat, they said. Meanwhile, the police has registered a case and are on a lookout for the accused.
In another incident, three relatives of a 17-year-old girl were injured after they accused three persons of allegedly harassing her at Harinagar village under Purkazi police station here yesterday.
Police said three members of the girl's family identified as Sompal (father), Pankaj (brother) and Brahampal (uncle) were injured in the clash with three accused.

The incident took place when the girl had gone to fetch water from a public hand pump. She was harassed by three people there, after which her family members opposed them and later clashed.
Police has lodged a case in this connection after complaint by girl's family and are searching for the accused.

------------------
Lucknow: Voicing concern over increasing incidents of acid attacks on women, Home Minister Rajnath Singh on Saturday said an online monitoring of sale of acid would be done to check such incidents.

"An online monitoring of sale of acid would be done to put an effective check over such incidents," Singh said while addressing platinum jubilee function of Mahila College here.
He said that the system would be first launched in Delhi.
Emphasising the need to impart self defence training to girl students, he said that, "Girl students of all schools and colleges should be given training in self defence."
On the strength of women in security forces, Singh said, "Home ministry has sent an advisory to all the chief ministers to give 33 per cent representation to women in security forces."
He said as of now the strength of Central Para Military Force was around 10 lakh in which representation of women was mere 1.4 per cent.
"Our target is to increase this participation to at least five per cent in the next three years," he said.
Over increasing incidents of women harassment and rape, he said "a system is being developed wherein a control room can be informed with the push of a button of a mobile phone and it will also reach PCR mobile vans."
Appreciating courage of Nobel Peace prize winner Malala Yousafzai, he said despite attack by certain forces the campaign she has undertaken to promote girl education was laudable.
Rajnath, while asking the students to play a meaningful role in building nation and society along with the family, said people should get rid of the inferiority complex that western countries were ahead in science and technology.
Citing examples of ancient Indian seers, he said the world had learnt from India.
The Home minister said that under a planned conspiracy, Macaulay implemented such an educational system where roots of the people of the country got disconnected from their glorious past.
"We have to regain the lost pride. Not only in economic sector, but we have to emerge as a super power in spiritual world as well," he said.

"I consider myself to be lucky that my first child was a girl. If every person has a similar thinking then no one can dare to put a bad eye on our sisters and daughters," he added.
The minister also felicitated meritorious students on the occasion. 

------------------
Srinagar: Two youths have been detained in connection with the acid attack on a law student in the Nowhsehra area of the city earlier this month.

"Two youths have been detained in connection with the acid attack case that took place on December 11 outside a law college in the city," police said.

One of the youths hails from Bemina area while the other is from Lal Mandi area of the city.
The acid attack on the 21-year-old student had drawn widespread condemnation with political parties demanding arrest of culprits and stern punishment to them.

------------------
New Delhi: The government on Wednesday announced several measures to tackle the acid attack menace, a day after a woman doctor was injured in an acid attack in west Delhi.

The measures include free treatment of acid attack victims, initiatives to categorise them as physically challenged and a web-based application to check the sale of acid.
"In order to regulate the sale of acid, a web application having functionalities like registration of stockists and retailers, issue of licences by the district administration, targeting sale of acid to individuals only after recording personal details like proof of identity and proof of address of the purchaser will be developed. This measure will considerably reduce unauthorised sale of acid in the country," a home ministry statement said.
The statement said that while the government has taken various steps in the past to regulate the sale of acid, more needs to be done as victims of acid attacks suffer alot of anguish.
Adding that acid attack victims needed to be treated by hospitals in a hassle-free manner, the statement said a new mechanism would soon be developed.
"The ministry of home affairs will develop a new mechanism in consultation with the ministry of health and family welfare, and the ministry of finance and insurance companies so that the victims of acid attacks are treated on a cashless basis and the treatment amount is paid from the central victim compensation fund which is proposed to be set up by the Ministry of Home Affairs (MHA)," it said.

"Steps will be taken to include acid attack victims in the category of physically-challenged persons with disability so that they are able to access the benefits of reservation, training and self-employment loan," the statement added.
The government also proposed to bring suitable amendments in law to fix a time frame for the disposal of appeals by courts especially in such cases to ensure speedy justice.

------------------
New Delhi: Two unidentified bike-borne assailants threw acid on a 30-year-old woman doctor here Tuesday morning in West Delhi's Rajouri Garden area.

According to the police, the incident took place around 9:30 am in Rajouri Garden market when the woman had left home and was on her way to a hospital where she worked in the same area.
"Suddenly, two youth reached the spot on a bike and the pillion rider threw an acid-like chemical on her and fled. The victim sustained burns in the incident and was rushed to the same hospital where she worked. From there she has been referred to AIIMS," said a senior police official.

The attackers have not been identified so far and efforts are on to trace them. Police has registered a case in this regard and CCTV footage of the area is being scanned to identify the attackers.
Investigators also questioning her friends and colleagues to determine whether she had any personal enmity or somebody held a grudge against her.

------------------
Guntur:A post graduate student allegedly threw acid on her former lecturer outside a government polytechnic college at Nallapadu in Guntur district today, apparently to take "revenge" from him for reneging on his promise to marry her, police said.

The incident occurred when the young woman, who is currently pursuing PG in mathematics at Andhra University in Visakhapatnam, threw the corrosive substance on Venkataramana at the college gate.
The girl, clad in a burqua to conceal her identity, was identified as Soujanya, police said.
"Wearing 'burqua' to hide her identity, Soujanya waited at the gate of the government polytechnic college at Nallapadu, where Venkataramana is a lecturer and threw acid on him when he came out during lunch hour," Guntur (South) DSP, K Narasimha, told PTI.
He said Venkatramana suffered burn injuries on his face though he tried to fend her off by holding her hand.
"In the process to resist her bid, some drops of acid fell on her cheek," the officer said, adding that the duo are admitted to a hospital.
The DSP said that Soujanya was earlier a student of Venkataramana when he was teaching in a degree college in Narasaraopet, where they developed intimacy and agreed to enter into wedlock.

But thereafter, she left to do her post graduation in Andhra University in Visakhapatnam and Venkatramana to Nallapadu.
"Venkataramana got married to another woman last year, and he was avoiding Soujanya," Narasimha said, adding that a case will be lodged soon.

------------------
Gurgaon: Three people, including a teenager, were arrested here for acid attack on a woman and her nine-year-old daughter, police said on Friday.

Raja, 30, from Bihar's Muzaffarpur; Azad alias Ismail, 18, from Uttar Pradesh's Bijnor and Arif, 28, from Uttar Pradesh's Shamli have been arrested for the attack, police said.
The woman, 27, and her daughter were staying in Dharam Colony here.
The victim has registered a complaint that a boy came to her house at around 1:30 pm on December 15 and said he was a plumber.
"He (the boy) came back after about 30 minutes and forcefully entered into my house and threw acid on me. I and my nine-year-old daughter, who was standing near me, got injured," the victim said.

"The attack was carried out by Azad after Raja approached him and offered to pay Rs 30,000. A sum of Rs 2,000 has already been paid and the rest would be paid December 20-21. Arif has introduced Azad to Raja as a person who would execute the attack," Deputy Commissioner of Police (west) Sangeeta Rani, told a news agency.
The woman has been admitted to the Ram Manohar Lohia Hospital in Delhi.

------------------
Srinagar: The car-borne youths who carried out acid attack on a law student in the city on Thursday allegedly tried to flee Kashmir as they attempted to catch a flight from Srinagar airport but could not get tickets.

Police were informed by an alert citizen, a Kashmiri doctor working in Kolkata, who claimed he had seen the car, which was used by the youths in the acid attack, at the Srinagar international airport but the accused could not be apprehended, official sources said.
A 21-year-old law student suffered severe burn injuries when the car-borne youth splashed acid on her face outside the private law college at Nowshehra in the city on Thursday.
Eyewitnesses have told police that the car, which had 'MANSA' inscribed on the back screen, had its registration plate covered, indicating that the attack was well planned.
Immediately after the attack, the police had put out the description of the car along with the inscription on the back screen through social media, which came to the notice of the doctor.
The sources said the doctor, who was returning to Kolkata, informed the police that he saw the four youths in the car described in the police message on social media.
According to the doctor, two of the four approached the counter of a private airline for tickets to fly out of the Valley but were turned away by the staff due to unavailability of tickets.
By the time a team from Budgam police headquarters reached the airport, the youth had left in their car, the sources said.
The doctor showed the police team the spot where the car was parked. He also gave the police the description about appearance and the clothes they were wearing, the sources said.
Although senior police officials said they had alerted all the exit points from the Valley about the car and the assailants, there has been no headway in the case so far.
"We had alerted the security at the airport and other exit points about the youth trying to flee... The investigations are in progress and we will get them (assailants)," Inspector General of Police Kashmir Range Abdul Gani Mir told PTI.
The sources said police are now examining the CCTV footage of the airport in an attempt to identify the assailants and track them down.

It is also not clear how the youths got entry into the premises as paramilitary security personnel at the drop gate of the airport only allow passengers with valid tickets for the day of travel inside the airport.
For those who come to pick up someone arriving at the airport, the security personnel only allow the driver of the vehicle inside the premises. 

------------------
Jerusalem: The Israeli army says a Palestinian threw acid at a Jewish family in the West Bank, after which a passer-by shot at the man and wounded him. The Palestinian acid-thrower was subsequently arrested by police and taken to hospital under custody.

The military says the attack took place today afternoon in the Gush Etzion settlement bloc south of Jerusalem. The attacked family, a Jewish woman and four girls, were sitting inside a car when the attacker threw acid at them.

Israeli police said they were slightly injured. Acid attacks are rare in Israel and the Palestinian territories.
Over the past month, 11 people have been killed in Palestinian attacks, mostly in Jerusalem, though there have been other attacks in Tel Aviv and the West Bank.

------------------
Srinagar:Several students on Friday staged a protest at Residency Road here over the acid attack on a 21-year-old girl, a student at a private Law college, demanding strict implementation of laws on crimes against women.

"The enforcement agencies should deal with such cases in a stringent manner so that no one dares to carry out such attacks in future," a student of the private law college told reporters.
The law student suffered severe burn injuries when two car-borne youth allegedly hurled acid on her outside her college at Nowshehra in the city, leading to widespread condemnation from all quarters.
Asked if there was a need to enact a separate law to deal with acid attacks, the students said there was no need for such a law as the existing laws had enough provisions to deal with these incidents.
"Unless laws are not implemented in letter and spirit, there is no use of enacting new laws, which will remained confined to papers only," said one of the students.
The students also demanded that police should maintain a vigil around educational institutions and crowded places to prevent such attacks.
"It is a common sight anywhere in the city that many young boys loiter outside tuition centres, girls' schools and colleges. Why can the police not make their presence felt by ensuring that these boys are chased away?" asked another student Madeeha.
The students, mostly girls, said their parents were apprehensive about sending them out of the homes following yesterday's attack on their fellow student.

"It is the responsibility of the families to keep an eye on the activities of their children. We can see too many spoilt brats driving on the Srinagar roads," Madeeha said.
The protesting students urged people to show compassion to the victims of such attacks and help them lead normal lives again.

------------------
New Delhi: Deepmala, a resident of Uttar Pradesh, suffered serious burn injuries after her husband threw acid on her face following a heated argument in February this year. Deepmala's parents are very poor and are in dire need of monetary help to meet the medical expenses, which come to around INR 25,000 (approx. USD 400) per month.

Deepmala's parents wanted their daughter to become teacher. However, after marriage, Deepmala's husband was not comfortable with her going out for studies or for teaching. She would protest against this, and during one such argument in February 2014, Deepmalas husband threw acid on her face.
Deepmala suffered serious burn injuries due to the acid attack, which has also left her blinded. Her eyelids, part of her scalp and her nose have melted. She has also suffered injuries on her hands and legs. She has also lost her vision.
Make Love Not Scars (MLNS) has taken the initiative to help the distressed parents and plans to shift Deepmala to Mumbai, where MLNS has partnered with a senior specialist doctor who is a recipient of Padma Shri  one of the highest civilian awards issued by the Government of India.
How will your contribution be used
The money raised from this campaign will be used to help Deepmala shift to Mumbai and undergo treatment under the care of the specialist doctor. A part of the fund will also be used to help the family with living expenses. Not more than 5 percent of the amount collected will be used by Make Love Not Scars to meet administrative expenses.
With your support, MLNS can help a young and hopeful acid attack survivor bounce back in life.

MLNS also managed to raise around USD 1,800 to help acid attach survivor Lalita get a new face. Both Reshma and Lalita are being treated in Mumbai under the care of the same specialist doctor who will also operate upon Deepmala.
Deepmala's campaign is the fourth in the series of campaigns for the treatment of survivors of acid attacks. All our campaigns are transparently managed, regularly updating contributors about the total amount collected and details of expenses made.

------------------
Srinagar: In a horrific incident, a girl here was attacked with acid by two unidentified men on Thursday.

The law student has been admitted to hospital with burn injuries.
As per reports, the incident happened outside the Law College in Srinagar.

TV reports said the two men came in a car and fled the scene after throwing acid on the girl.
Students of the Law College staged a protest following the incident.

------------------
Bareilly: A woman corporator was seriously injured when some persons allegedly threw acid on her in Faridpur area due a money-related dispute, police said.

The incident took place last night when corporator of Para, Muskan Devi (35), who used to run a shop in her house with her husband Sonu, had entered into altercation with some persons over payment of money, they said.

The situation took an ugly turn when two--Ramdas and Arvind-- threw acid on Muskan's face and private part injuring her seriously.
Police has lodged an FIR in this regard and arrested one of the accused, SP, Rural, Brijesh Kumar Srivastava said.

------------------
Lahore: A 25-year-old married woman in Pakistan's Punjab province is battling for her life after her husband allegedly poured acid down her throat following an argument over trivial domestic issues.

The incident occurred late yesterday in Kot Addu tehsil of Muzaffargarh district, some 400 kilometres from here.
Victim Gulnaz's husband Fahim Ahmed had an argument with her over a trivial domestic issue. He first beat her with the assistance of his father and then poured acid down her throat, police said.
Following the incident, she was immediately rushed to a nearby hospital in Multan, where her condition is stated to be very critical.
Gulnaz was married to Faheem a few months ago and the couple often picked arguments over domestic problems which generally resulted in quarrels, a senior police officer Abdul Rehman Asim said.

"We have registered a case under Section 7 of the Anti-Terrorism Act against Fahim and his father and police are raiding to arrest them," the officer said.
At least 43 cases of acid attacks, including 51 women and eight men, have been recorded in Punjab province this year.
Prosecution rate in such cases is only 35 per cent as several problems often persist during investigation and trial stage. Out-of-court settlements add to the woes of victims, according to local media reports.

------------------
Surat: A 30-year-old woman was killed and her two children were critically injured in Umarvada here when a man along with two of his accomplices, hurled acid on them, police said on Friday.

The incident took place last night after the woman rejected sexual advances of accused Aslam Sheikh, following which Sheikh along with his friends barged into the victim's house and threw acid on her and her children, Assistant Commissioner of Police Naresh Kanzariya said.
The victim, identified as Hemu Rathod, was declared dead at a government-run hospital, while her two children Raj (19) and Prem (9) sustained critical burn injuries, he said.
Sheikh and his two aides were arrested today for killing Rathod, he said.
"The police today arrested Aslam Sheikh along with two others Raja Vimalnarayan Shekhar and Sarfaraz Sheikh for throwing acid on the lady and her family at her residence in Koili Khadi locality," Kanzariya said.
Her husband Ramu Rathod (30) and her mother-in-law Kaushalya Rathod (48) received minor injuries in the acid attack, the ACP said.
As per the statement recorded by Hemu's husband, Asalm was harassing his wife for some time now and used to demand sexual favours from her, he said.

Ramu had complained about Aslam's actions to latter's father Salim Sheikh. Annoyed, the accused took this step, Kanzariya said.
The police has registered a complaint under IPC Section 302 of murder and initiated further investigation.

------------------
Agra: Acid attack victims opened a coffee shop-cum-hangout area on Sunday for activists, supporters and civil society members on Fatehabad Road, close to the Taj Mahal.

Named the 'She-ros Cafe', it is run by survivors of acid attacks, Chanchal, Ritu, Rupa and Geeta, on a 'pay what you wish' basis.
"The initiative is part of the 'Stop Acid Attack' campaign," said Alok Dixit, the founder of the coffee shop.
Similar cafes are to be shortly opened in Kanpur and Delhi.
The Agra hangout is supported by local NGO Chaanv.

Sunday evening saw Bundelkhand's Gulabi Gang leader Sampat Pal cut the ceremonial cake to announce the cafe's opening.
Talking to reporters, Sampat Pal said acid attackers should be publicly thrashed.

------------------
New Delhi: The Delhi High Court on Sunday directed Safdarjung Hospital here to carry out the corrective surgery required by a 21-year-old girl who was injured in an acid attack in August last year.

Justice Vibhu Bakhru asked the Medical Superintendent of the hospital to ensure the girl gets the required corrective surgery.
The court passed the order after it was informed by the Delhi government standing counsel Zubeda Begum that corrective plastic surgery is carried out at Lok Nayak Jai Prakash Narayan, Safdarjung and Ram Manohar Lohia hospitals here.
The court was hearing the plea of the acid attack victim who had said that while she had been provided Rs five lakhs as compensation, the amount was not sufficient to meet the cost of the plastic surgery she required as the same was performed only at big private hospitals.
It was also of the view that private hospitals can't be asked to perform the surgery as "that is not the scope of the present proceedings".
According to her plea, she was attacked by two men on a motorcycle as she was walking back from work to her home in East Delhi one evening in August last year.
The men had suddenly accosted her and before she could figure out what was happening, one of them had flung a bottle of acid on her face, her petition has said.
She had later found out that one of her relatives had hired the two men for attacking her as she had spurned his advances and refused a marriage proposal from him who was 32-years-old, her petition has said.

She had moved the High Court seeking directions to the Delhi government to pay her the compensation as per the Supreme Court's order of July 18, 2013, wherein it was held that acid attack victims shall be paid Rs five lakhs.


------------------
Madurai: A day after two college girls suffered injuries in an acid attack at nearby Tirumangalam, officials raided several shops in the town and seized 130 litres of acid.

The raids were conducted on the orders of District Collector L Subramaniam, who instructed officials to check whether acid dealers and retailers had sold it for genuine purposes.
While 125 litres of acid were seized from a house, five litres were seized from other shops, officials said.
The raid was led by the Tirumangalam tahsildhar and revenue officials.
Meanwhile, three persons were detained for questioning today in connection with the acid attack on the girls.
Yesterday, two girl students of Madurai Kamaraj University College at Tirumangalam suffered serious burns after a man threw acid on them.

The girls, both aged 19, were on their way to the bus stand after classes when the man threw acid on them and fled.
One of the girls suffered serious burns on her face and body while the other sustained burns on her body while trying to protect her friend. 

------------------
Hyderabad:A 20-year-old woman suffered minor burn injuries after a jilted lover allegedly threw acid on her face in Kurnool district of Andhra Pradesh, police said today.

The incident occurred at Chagalamarri village last night when one Lal Basha threw acid on the woman, after she rejected his proposal to continue their affair, they said.
"The woman and Basha initially were having an affair. But after coming to know that Basha was already married she rejected his proposal," Allagadda Circle Inspector Sudhakar Reddy said based on a complaint lodged by the victim.
The officer said that Basha seems to have pressurised the woman to continue their affair which she refused to do, following which he attacked her by throwing acid.
The woman suffered minor injuries on her face and shoulders and was admitted to a local hospital, and was discharged today.

A case under section 326A (voluntarily causing grievous hurt by dangerous weapons or means) of IPC was booked and the accused was arrested today.
He was produced before a court which remanded him in judicial custody, Reddy said.

------------------
New Delhi: After five acid attack victims -- all women came forward for a designerwear fashion photoshoot by him, photographer Rahul Saharan is now chronicling their moving life stories in a new documentary film.

The in-the-works film portrays lives of the six people - all who survived brutal acid attacks and their attempts to get their lives back on the track.
"It does not matter from whichever profession you come, you can always do something for society. I wanted to show how these victims have been fighting with their life, trying to recover, earn money and rehabilitate. I want to spread awareness among people with this film," Sharan told PTI.
Sharan has been associated with the campaign "Stop Acid Attack" and recently conducted a photoshoot with Laxmi, Rupa, Chanchal, Ritu and Sonam -- victims of acid attacks, who posed wearing clothes designed by Rupa.
"I wanted no makeup and editing in the pictures. I wanted them to look beautiful naturally. I tried to change the age long perception of beauty that is fed in the minds of the people," says Sharan.
Laxmi Saa along with Alok Dixit started the "Stop Acid Attack" campaign to regulate the free sale of acid in shops and to help rehabilitate victims.
"We have interviewed six victims for the film set to be around 30 minutes to 40 minutes. We want people to see how much they struggled and how they are overcoming their trials. We hope their stories would spread awareness among people," says Sharan.
The sole male voice in the upcoming film is provided by Chandrahass, who hails from Meerut and who says he was attacked with acid by his wealthy landlord.
The M.Com student, who left an insurance sector job to help his father manage the family shop, says he had a 5 litre bucket of acid thrown on him for reportedly coming to the defence of a girl who was being eveteased.
"The accused has contacts with politicians and that's how he is free. I have mortgaged my things, sold off gold to meet expenses of my treatment and also to hire an advocate after my landlord's son filed a case in which he alleged that I was the one who attacked him with acid," says Chandrahass.
Chandrahass recalls the day when he met with the attack.
"My whole body was burning. I crawled on the streets to save myself from a second bucket of acid. My hair started coming off. I could not see anything neither could I call anyone for help. Water doused on me had a reverse reaction on the burns," recalls Chandrahass.
Being a victim of such a heinous crime, Chandrahass says he had been closely following the campaign - 'Stop Acid Attack' where he came in contact with other victims at 'Chaanv', a support centre for survivors run by the campaign.
Shy in front of the camera, Chandrahass says he has not been able to speak much in the documentary.
"I did not face the camera ever and was nervous. Had there been no camera I would have spoken my heart out," says the man who usually shields his face with his hands or some cloth stepping out in public.
"I just want help in understanding the various sections of the law. I don't have any money to spend on the advocate and I have huge debt on my shoulders. I hope the documentary will come forward to assist," he says.
The documentary itself is a work in progress with about 70 percent completed.
"Nothing has been finalised as yet. We constantly toying with new ideas," says Laxmi.
"I am not investing any money in the documentary. So far I have shot 70-80 per cent of the documentary and have not spent even Rs 5 from my pocket. This is not a commercial movie and I don't intend to make any kind of profit. If there is any kind of profit, it will go to the NGO ? Chaanv," says Sharan.
"I plan to send the documentary to different film fests and if it receives accolades there, then I would screen it everywhere possible including schools and colleges to spread awareness," he says.
Meanwhile, Chaanv is assisting Rupa to open a boutique, efforts are also being made to help Laxmi pursue her dreams. The upcoming documentary would either have poetry or maybe a song sung by Laxmi.
"I have requested my friend who is music composer to give Laxmi a break. She would probably get a break to sing and live her dream in the upcoming project," says Sharan.
As for Ritu, who hails from Rohtak in Haryana her dreams of becoming a ace volleyball player was cut short when a pair of boys dumped acid on her while she was on her way to practice. Now because of her health she can no longer play.
"Given a chance I would want to pursue a career in sports. I was never interested in studies neither did I want to go to college," says Ritu who now assists Rupa in making designer clothes.

At the Chaanv centre Laxmi, Chandrahass, Ritu and Rupa befriended one another and talk about among other things their surgeries. They talked about the pain they had to suffer and discomfort when they wear "Pressure Garments" -special contraptions that are used to stretch the skin after an operation.
"I get goose bumps when I think of wearing the Pressure Garment. I did not wear it after the surgery which is why I have to undergo a surgery of the neck again," says Ritu. 

------------------
   New Delhi: As many as 27 private members bills, including one seeking to curb sale of acid in order to prevent acid attack cases was introduced in Lok Sabha on Friday.

    Kirit Premjibhai Solanki (BJP) introduced the Acid (Control) Bill, 2014, which seeks to frame laws on controlling the sale of acids and severe punishment to violators.
    The bill comes against the backdrop of reports of girls being attacked everyday in different parts of the country.
    Other private members bills include those related to inclusion of Bhojpuri in the Eighth Schedule of the Constitution.
    Bills for regulation of surrogacy, setting up of an autonomous board for the economically backward areas and one to provide compensation to victims of natural calamities and snake bite too were introduced.
    The bill by Rajiv Pratap Rudy (BJP) for amending the Eighth schedule of the Constitution provides for including of Bhojpuri, Magahi and Rajasthani languages in the schedule and give these languages their due recognition.

    Rudy also moved the Electricity Amendment Bill which seeks to scale up of utilisation of renewable energy in the society.
    The Surrogacy (Regulation) Bill, also introduced by Solanki, seeks to address certain legal and ethical issues concerning surrogacy. 

------------------
Washington: Dental researchers have revealed that drinks with high acidity content like soft drinks, fruit juice, sports drinks can damage young people's teeth within first 30 seconds of acid attack.

Researchers at the University of Adelaide found that drinks high in acidity combined with night-time tooth grinding and reflux could cause major, irreversible damage to kid's teeth.
Dr Sarbin Ranjitkar, said that in developed countries, dental erosion has been an issue of growing concern, and it was often only detected clinically after extensive tooth wear has occurred but such erosion could lead to a lifetime of compromised dental health that might require complex and extensive rehabilitation but it could also be prevented with minimal intervention.

He further suggested that parents should minimize consumption of any kind of soft drinks, sports drink, fruit juice or acidic foods to their children and they should consume fresh fruit instead of drinking fruit juice, although fresh fruits are naturally acidic but still they are a healthier option.
The study is published in the Journal of Dentistry.

------------------
Etawah: A jilted lover allegedly threw acid on a woman in civil lines area here.

Irfan (25) allegedly threw acid on the woman in Kanshiram colony Friday in which she sustained 30 per cent burn injuries, Station House Officer Jasbeer Singh said Saturday.

He said that the woman, who separated from her husband, was having an affair with Irfan from more than a year.
The SHO said that on Friday Irfan called the woman to meet him, but she refused after which he attacked her.
The woman has been admitted to Sefai hospital. 

------------------
Hooghly (WB): A college girl`s hand was burnt after she was attacked with acid by four men at Arambagh in Hooghly district today, police said.

Superintendent of Police Sunil Chowdhury said the girl was attacked after she alighted from the bus on way to the Kalipur Netaji Mahavidyalaya where she was a BA 2nd year student.
Four men with their face covered came to her side in two motorbikes and threw acid towards the girl and fled. 

The acid burnt the forearm of her right hand and she was admitted at the Arambagh Sub-division Hospital, Chowdhury said.
The SP said the reason behind the attack was not yet known and hunt was on to arrest the culprits.

------------------
Morena: In a significant judgement, a youth has been sentenced to death by a local court for throwing acid on a woman following which she died.

Additional Sessions Judge at Ambah in the district K C Gupta Thursday awarded capital punishment to Jogendra Tomar (28), who had thrown acid on the face of Ruby Rawat (24) last year at her house in Porsa town of Morena, after she rejected his demand to live with him.
Ruby had later succumbed to her injuries.
The judge observed that the crime committed by Jogendra was heinous and that merely awarding him life imprisonment would not have been enough.
"It is because of this that I have decided to give him the death sentence," he further observed.
Enraged over Ruby`s refusal to live with him, Jogendra, who is married, went to her house in Porsa on July 21 last year and threw acid on her face while she was sleeping.

He also threw acid on some family members who tried to rescue Ruby. They had also sustained injuries in the attack.
Tomar was later arrested following a complaint filed against him by the deceased`s father, Dataram.
Police had registered a case under IPC sections 307 (attempt to murder), 326 (a) (causing permanent or partial damage or deformity to, or causes grievous hurt by throwing acid on or by administering acid to that person) and 450 (house-trespass in order to commit offence). 

------------------
Alwar: An 18-year-old girl today suffered burn injuries when her jilted lover threw acid on her.

The girl was returning home on her scooty when the accused, Mukesh Aheer (21), along with an accomplice threw acid on her near a railway station flyover here, police said.
"The accused was arrested this evening. The accused said that he wanted to have a relationship with the girl but she rejected. He is being further interrogated at the Mundawar police station," Superintendent of Police Vikas Kumar said.

The girl received burn injuries on face and left hand.
She is being treated at a government hospital where her condition is stated to be stable, the SP said.

------------------
Zee Media Bureau

New Delhi: 28-year-old acid attack survivor Monica Singh is anything but a victim.
Monica was studying in the National Institute of Fashion Technology (NIFT) and was visiting her hometown Lucknow when the horrific attack took place around a decade back.
The acid attack was planned by a man whose marriage proposal she had turned down.
The next nine years were spent by her father spending his life savings trying to nurse her recovery.
However, despite the difficulties, she went on to complete her studies in Delhi.
Nine years and 43 surgeries later, Monica fulfiled her dream of getting an admission
into the Parson`s New School of Design in New York for further studies. 

But all that is standing between her dream and her is $55,000 as she is short of funds required for her education abroad.
After the death of her father, her brother is the only earning member of her family.
Despite lack of funds, Monica chose not to play a victim again. She took to internet and uploaded a video on YouTube to appeal for funds for her further studies.

------------------
New Delhi: Left with little hope of leading a normal life after having acid flung at her, Rupa, a girl in her 20s, is now gearing up set up her own boutique thanks to an initiative by Chaanv- a rehabilitation centre that began operations here last year.

Located in Laxmi Nagar, the centre is a first of its kind in the country that offers shelter to acid attack survivors undergoing treatment in the national capital.
Rupa credits Chaanv and the `Stop Acid Attacks` campaign founded by Alok Dixit to helping her undergo a two-month training in dress designing from a mechanical engineer.
Many others like Rupa, all survivors of acid attacks are now reaching out to the centre, which is now managed and run by the acid attack fighters who have recovered with grit.
Survivors gathered here recently and shared their stories at a discussion, which highlighted gory tales of acid attack and the need of regulation to control the open sale of acid that, activists say will help curb the violence against women.
Laxmi Saa, winner of International Women of Courage Award narrated her painful story where her jilted lover threw a glass of acid on her face at after she refused to accept his proposal in 2005.
"It has been a tough journey since then," says Laxmi.
She has gone through seven major surgery after which she filed a PIL in the Supreme Court to regulate the sale of acid at the retail shops. The Court, passed an order on July 18, 2013, prohibiting the sale of acid without license making it mandatory for retailers to maintain a record of customers, has not been implemented by the Centre.

Buyers are bound to produce identification and address proofs and should be above the age of 18. Additional to this, the dealers will have to submit details of sale to the local police within three days of the transaction.
"Acid is being sold openly in the market. Anybody and everybody can buy it without any regulation. The government is least interested and does not pay heed to the order passed by the Apex Court. We thus want stringent laws to regulate the sale of acids," says Alok Dixit, founder member of Stop Acid Attacks campaign.

------------------
New Delhi: As part of efforts to check the illegal sale of acid in the national capital, Delhi government on Friday raided as many as 96 premises and sealed three premises involved in stocking acid for business.

"During the inspection, 17 premises were identified violating the norms, 8 cases have been registered and a total penalty of Rs 1,30,000 has been imposed on them. Apart from that 3 premises have also been sealed," said Principal Secretary (Revenue) Dharampal.
Dharampal said that 3 premises in North District were sealed during the inspections whereas no violations were found in South, South-West, North-East, Shahdara and New Delhi Districts.
These inspections were made in compliance with the directions issued by Supreme Court of India in the case of Laxmi Vs. Union of India.
As per the order, no seller is allowed to stock or sell acid without license.
Buyers will be sold the chemical only after they show their government issued photo identity proof, and purpose of purchase.
The seller is obliged to record the sale details and submit them with the local police within three days along with disclosing all stocks to the local sub-divisional magistrate within 15 days. Failing to do so could lead to a fine of Rs 50,000.

No acid should be sold to anyone below 18 years of age. Also, only non-harmful form of acid will be available over the counter.
In laboratories, hospitals and other institutions where acids are used, a person will be placed in-charge of storing acid, and of compulsory checking of students and personnel leaving the institution.

------------------
 Pashkura: An FIR was lodged against one person for his alleged involvement in an acid attack on three women at Ratulia village under Pashkura Police Station area on Thursday, police said.
 Shakir Ali, yesterday evening, entered the house of Ruktaj Biwi and attacked her with acid after she turned down his marriage proposal, they said.

 And in their attempt to save Ruktaj from Ali`s attack, her mother Najima Biwi and elder sister Rupsha Yasin got injured, they added.

 Ali, who happens to be Rupsha`s brother-in-law, was in a relation with Ruktaj for the past one year. But, last week, when he proposed marriage to Ruktaj, she turned down the proposal, which angered him ,police said.
 A manhunt for Ali, absconding since the incident, has been launched in the district, they said.
 The three injured women have been admitted at the Tamluk Hospital and their conditions have been stated stable, police said.

------------------
New Delhi: A court here has sentenced a man to life in prison for throwing acid on his beloved, leading to her death. The court termed acid attack one of the "most horrifying" forms of gender-based violence.

"One of the most horrifying forms of gender-based violence, a growing phenomenon in India, is acid attack. Though acid attack is a crime which can be committed against any man or woman, it has a specific gender dimension in India," said Additional Sessions Judge Rajesh Kumar Goel.
Ajay Bharti was convicted and sentenced to life in jail under Section 302 (murder) of the Indian Penal Code and ordered also to pay a fine of Rs.2,000 for throwing acid on his beloved.
The court said Bharti planned and then executed an act of "pure, calculated and deliberate evil".
"He (Bharti) decided to wreck the victim`s life by throwing acid on her," the court said, observing that the woman, who was married to someone else and had children, suffered around 40 percent burns.
According to the prosecution, Bharti and the woman were in a relationship, but Bharti suspected that she was also having relations with another man.
He took her to the Japanese Park in Rohini Jan 20, 2006 on the pretext of an outing and poured acid on her and ran away. After a week, the woman died at the Ram Manohar Lohia Hospital here.
The court said the acid was used with malicious intent to take revenge, disfigure and harm the person, and observed that most of the reported acid attacks have been committed on women.
The court said perpetrators of acid attacks intend to disfigure and cause extreme physical and mental suffering to victims.
Terming acid attacks as a "terrifying" experience, the court said acid melts human flesh and bones and causes excruciating pain and terror.
"The victims are left mutilated and scarred for the rest of their lives. Some suffer permanent disabilities such as blindness and some victims even die as a result of their injuries," the court said, in its verdict delivered recently.
The court said acid attacks, especially on women, have seen an alarming growth in India.

"Acid attack or vitriolage is often referred to as a `crime of passion` fuelled by jealousy and revenge," it added.
Stating that such an incident was a violence against the society, the court said: "The intention of the perpetrator of such crime is to permanently brand someone and make them feel ashamed, knowing well that it may even cause the death of the victim." 

------------------
New Delhi: Observing that acid attack is one of the most horrifying forms of gender-based violence which is increasing in the country, a Delhi court has awarded life imprisonment to a man for throwing acid on his lover, leading to her death.

Additional sessions judge Rajesh Kumar Goel handed down the jail term to Delhi resident Ajay Bharti for throwing acid on his lover suspecting her to be in a relation with someone else.
"...Convict Ajay Bharti planned and then executed an act of pure, calculated and deliberate evil. He decided to wreck the victim`s life by throwing acid on her," the judge said.
"One of the most horrifying forms of gender-based violence, and a growing phenomenon in India, is acid attack. Though acid attack is a crime which can be committed against any man or woman, it has a specific gender dimension in India.
"Most of the reported acid attacks have been committed on women, particularly young women, for spurning suitors, for rejecting proposals of marriage, for denying dowry etc," the court said.
It added that "some men`s ego will not allow them to accept rejection and when their advances are spurned they retaliate by throwing acid at the woman."
The court said the woman, who was married to someone else and was having kids, had suffered around 40 per cent burns due to the corrosive substance thrown on her by the convict. It also imposed a fine of Rs 2,000 on Ajay.
According to the prosecution, the victim and Ajay were in a love relationship and due to his suspicious nature, he used to quarrel with her frequently.
Ajay suspected that the woman was having relations with another man, and on January 20, 2006, he took her to Japanese Park in Rohini on the pretext of an outing, it said.

There, he poured acid on her and ran away. After a week, the victim died at the Ram Manohar Lohia Hospital here.
The court also observed that generally, acid attack is a form of gender-based violence that "reflects and perpetuates the inequality of women in society" and as such is prohibited by international law. 

------------------
Chandigarh: Haryana Government has notified the amended scheme to provide ad-hoc relief or compensation, medical reimbursement and rehabilitation facilities to women victims of acid attacks.

 Stating this here today, a spokesman of the Women and Child Development Department said that concerned Deputy Commissioner or Sub Divisional Magistrate would pay the compensation as after-care and rehabilitation cost under the Haryana Victim Compensation Scheme of the Home Department.
He said a compensation of Rs 3 lakh would be given to acid attack victims involving defacement, loss of limb or parts of body and for plastic surgery.
 Out of the total amount, a sum of Rs 1 lakh would be paid to a victim within 15 days of occurrence of such incident or being brought to the notice of the state government as ad hoc relief to facilitate immediate medical attention and expenses in this regard.
 The balance sum of Rs 2 lakh would be paid to the victim as expeditiously as might be possible and positively within two months thereafter, he added.
 The spokesman said in case of acid attack not resulting in defacement or loss of limb or parts of body and plastic surgery, compensation of Rs 50,000 would be paid to a victim.

 Similarly, in case of a victim`s death, the state level committee would pay a lump sum of Rs 5 lakh to the legal heir. This amount would be in addition to any expenses incurred towards the treatment of the victim, he informed.
He said acid attack victims of Haryana would be entitled to receive medical treatment free of cost from amongst any of the government hospitals or government approved hospitals.
 This amount would be reimbursed by the Women and Child Development Department, he added.

------------------
Chandigarh: Haryana Government has notified the amended scheme to provide ad-hoc relief or compensation, medical reimbursement and rehabilitation facilities to women victims of acid attacks.

 Stating this here today, a spokesman of the Women and Child Development Department said that concerned Deputy Commissioner or Sub Divisional Magistrate would pay the compensation as after-care and rehabilitation cost under the Haryana Victim Compensation Scheme of the Home Department.
He said a compensation of Rs 3 lakh would be given to acid attack victims involving defacement, loss of limb or parts of body and for plastic surgery.
 Out of the total amount, a sum of Rs 1 lakh would be paid to a victim within 15 days of occurrence of such incident or being brought to the notice of the state government as ad hoc relief to facilitate immediate medical attention and expenses in this regard.
 The balance sum of Rs 2 lakh would be paid to the victim as expeditiously as might be possible and positively within two months thereafter, he added.
 The spokesman said in case of acid attack not resulting in defacement or loss of limb or parts of body and plastic surgery, compensation of Rs 50,000 would be paid to a victim.

 Similarly, in case of a victim`s death, the state level committee would pay a lump sum of Rs 5 lakh to the legal heir. This amount would be in addition to any expenses incurred towards the treatment of the victim, he informed.
He said acid attack victims of Haryana would be entitled to receive medical treatment free of cost from amongst any of the government hospitals or government approved hospitals.
 This amount would be reimbursed by the Women and Child Development Department, he added.

------------------
Bhubaneswar: A man was arrested in Odisha for throwing acid on a married woman Tuesday over some old quarrel, police said.


The incident occurred in Cuttack, 26 km from here when the woman, 30, was waiting for a bus to take her to a relative`s place, inspector in charge of Badambadi police station KP Mishra told IANS.
Accused Bishnu Dakua, 24, came near her and engaged in a heated exchange of words before throwing the acid on her, the police official said.
The woman sustained burn injuries on her chest and was rushed to a hospital where she is undergoing treatment, Mishra said.
Police have arrested Dakua. Both the victim and the accused are residents of Cuttack, he added. 

------------------
Lahore: A man has allegedly thrown acid on an 18-year-old girl after she refused to marry him, in the latest such incident in Pakistan`s Punjab province.

Kaneez Fatima was returning from market yesterday when two motorcyclists intercepted her in Lahore`s densely populated area of Shahdara and threw acid on her, eyewitnesses said.
She was rushed to hospital where doctors said she had suffered 40 per cent burns. Fatima has acid burns in her face also.

Victim`s father Rafaqat Ali told police that Ghulam Mustafa wanted to marry his daughter. "On refusal, he had warned us of dire consequences. Yesterday Mustafa along with his friend Muhammad Asif threw acid on Fatima," he said.
Police have registered a case against the accused and arrested them.
On April 8, a 20-year-old Pakistani girl was severely injured when two persons threw acid on her in Lahore apparently to force her to withdraw a rape case against one of them.
In February, a woman and her 12-year-old daughter suffered serious injuries in an acid attack in Punjab province.

------------------
Mumbai: Eleven months after the acid attack on Delhi resident Preeti Rathi here which claimed her life, the Mumbai Police on Wednesday filed a 1,322-page chargesheet against the accused Ankur Panwar.

"The chargesheet was today filed in the Esplanade Court (magistrate`s court in south Mumbai). There are 98 witnesses, besides strong scientific evidence against the accused," Joint Police Commissioner (Crime), Sadanand Date said.
Panwar (23), a hotel management graduate, was identified during the identification parade by the witnesses, Date added.
The chargesheet mentions that Panwar threw acid on Preeti on May 2, 2013 at Bandra station here, as he was jealous of her career growth.
Date added that the chargesheet mentions where he procured the concentrated sulphuric acid and how he shuttled between the cities to evade arrest following the crime.
The crime branch would request the government to appoint noted lawyer Ujjwal Nikam as the special public prosecutor in the case, Date said.
Panwar, who was Rathi`s neighbour in Bhakra Beas Management Board Colony in Delhi, was arrested from the national capital in January.
According to police, his parents often jibed Ankur for not getting a job despite completing his course and praised Preeti, who had landed a job at the Navy hospital here. This made Ankur very jealous and he wanted to harm her face so as to destroy her career, police said.
On May 2, 2013, acid was flung at Rathi when she got down from Garib Rath Express at the Bandra Terminus. She was supposed to join Colaba Naval hospital (INS Ashwini) as a staff nurse.
Having suffered severe damage to the lungs, she succumbed at the Bombay Hospital here on June 1.
According to the police, Panwar procured the acid on April 2 and boarded the same train by which Rathi and her family were travelling. He was travelling ticket-less.

He got the opportunity to throw acid at her when the train arrived at Bandra Terminus. With his face covered by a handkerchief, Panwar managed to escape after the attack and took the same train back home.
He is facing charges under Sections 302 (murder), 326 (voluntarily causing grievous hurt by dangerous weapons or means), 326 B (voluntarily throwing or attempting to throw acid) of the Indian Penal Code. 

------------------
Lahore: A 20-year-old Pakistani girl was severely injured when two persons threw acid on her apparently to force her to withdraw a rape case against one of them.

The two approached the victim yesterday when she was at a bus stop in Lahore and threw acid on her. They fled the scene after the incident.
The victim was rushed to a nearby hospital where her condition is stated to be critical.

Ali Raza and his accomplice threw acid on the girl, said Superintendent of Police Awais Malik.
"Raza had allegedly raped her sometimes ago and was at large," he said, adding that it appeared the accused wanted to stop the victim from pursuing the case against him.
The police have registered another case against Raza. 

------------------
 Machilipatnam: A mother and daughter were injured in an acid attack by their tenant here in Krishna district of Andhra Pradesh, police said on Saturday.
 The incident took place last night in Rajupet area when the accused, Subhani, threw acid on his houseowner`s daughter Hajida (26), they said.

 The young woman`s mother Zareena also sustained acid burns when she rushed to save her daughter.
 Subhani (36) had deserted his wife and two children and was residing in Rajupet area here. The accused had been allegedly stalking Hajida for two years, pursuing her to marry him. But the woman had repeatedly turned down his proposal, Inaguduru Police Circle Inspector K Sai Prasad said.

 Jilted, he attacked Hajida.
 The victims, who sustained 30-40 per cent burns, after treatment in Machilipatnam Government Hospital were shifted to Vijayawada. Their condition is said to be stable.
 Subhani too received acid burns and was treated at the government hospital here. Later, a case was registered in Inaguduru police station against him and arrested. 

------------------
Surat: Two unidentified men here today threw acid at one of the witnesses in the rape case against the self-styled godman Asaram, police said.

This is a third attack targeting a witness in the rape cases against Asaram and his son. "A witness in the rape case against Asaram has suffered an acid attack by two men in Vesu area," Deputy Commissioner of Police Shobha Bhutda told PTI.
"The victim has been identified as Dinesh Bhavchandani (39) who has given a statement against Asaram in the case," said the officer.
"The incident took place when Bhavchandani was riding to his house near Vesu Royal Residency. Two men on a bike overtook him and threw acid," she said.

He was taken to a private hospital. This is a third case of attack on a witness in cases of rape against Asaram and his son Narayan Sai.
Asked about police protection for the witnesses, the DCP said, "Most witnesses are given police protection, but these three victims had refused it."
A Surat-based woman has accused Asaram of repeated rapes and illegal confinement between 1997 and 2006 when she was living at his ashram on the outskirts of Ahmedabad. Her younger sister has lodged a similar complaint against Narayan Sai.
Asaram (72) is currently in a Jodhpur jail after being arrested in September 2013 for sexually assaulting a minor girl at his ashram there.

------------------
New Delhi: Police has arrested a youth for an acid attack on a woman last month after she spurned his advances.


22-year-old Sultan, a resident of Chandni Mahal, was on Friday arrested by Central District Police on charges of throwing acid on the victim`s right hand on February 7 while she was going to visit a doctor in a rickshaw near Turkman Gate area here.
"Sultan had been stalking the woman for a long time. He also made telephone calls to her. Later, Sultan on phone proposed her to become his friend, but the woman turned down his proposal, following which he hatched a plan to take revenge on her," a senior police officer said.
The accused fled from the spot after committing the crime, he said.
Sultan called the woman a few days back and asked her to meet him near Golcha Cinema in Darya Ganj. However, she informed the police which later laid a trap and arrested him yesterday, the officer said, adding, further investigations are on in the matter. 

------------------
Bhubaneswar: Barsa Swony Choudhury, an alleged dowry torture victim and daughter-in-law of a former minister, was reportedly threatened in a letter with acid attack if she tried to enter politics.

The letter came on Thursday, five days after the Human Rights Protection Cell (HRPC) of the Odisha Police filed chargesheet against former law minister and Biju Janata Dal leader Raghunath Mohanty, his son and three other members of his family in a dowry torture case last year.
Barsa`s father Kishore Choudhury has received a postcard at his village home in Balasore district.
"It (postcard) has warned my daughter to refrain from any attempt to enter politics. It says if she makes any such attempt, she would be attacked with acid," Choudhury said.

"I met the Balasore superintendent of police, apprised him of the threat to my daughter and sought adequate security to her," Choudhury told reporters.
"I have asked for a thorough examination of the post card that the family members of Barsa received today. The post card would be sent to the fingerprint section which I hope will help the police nab the miscreants," Balasore SP N Pankaj said.
Barsa was provided security after she met Chief Minister Naveen Patnaik on February 21.
Choudhury said this might be the handiwork of the supporters of Raghunath Mohanty, against whom Barsa has filed a dowry torture case following which he was dropped from the cabinet.
Mohanty was arrested from his hideout in Kolkata along with wife. Their son Rajashree was also arrested in March last year. 

------------------
Washington: US First Lady Michelle Obama has felicitated Indian acid attack victim Laxmi after she won the International Women of Courage Award for successfully leading the campaign against acid attacks on women in India.

 Obama and the large crowd at the State Department auditorium was moved and touched when Laxmi, a standard-bearer of the movement to end acid attacks, recited a poem recounting her experience on the occasion yesterday.
 "You haven`t thrown acid on my face; you threw it on my dreams. You didn`t have love in your heart; you had acid in it," Laxmi recited soon after receiving the prestigious award along with several other women from different parts of the world including Afghanistan and Fiji.
 The original poem was in Hindi.
 Laxmi was 16 when an acquaintance threw acid on her face while she waited at a bus stop in New Delhi`s busy Khan Market in 2005, disfiguring her permanently.
 Her attacker, a friend`s 32-year-old brother, threw the acid to destroy Laxmi`s face after she refused to respond to his romantic advances.
 Recognition for her effort through this award, is a great encouragement and motivation for the girls and women of India, many of whom still are not able to speak out against the atrocities inflicted upon them, Laxmi said soon after receiving the award.
 "After this award, girls of India would think, if Laxmi can do this, I can also raise my voice against injustice," Laxmi told PTI in an interview.
 Last year, Nirbhaya, the courageous 23-year-old girl whose brutal gang rape and murder on a moving bus in Delhi in December 2012 triggered widespread protests, was honoured with the award.
Ruing that acid is still being sold without following the recent Supreme Court order in this regard; Laxmi demanded the creation of a high level committee at the national level to prevent acid attacks against women.
 "Victims of acid attacks not only be given compensation, but also the entire medical expense be meted by the Government. The victim should be given a government job and given justice through fast track courts," Laxmi said and urged the political parties to incorporate this in their election manifesto for the forthcoming elections.
 "There was never any love in your eyes. They burn me with caustic glance. I am sad that your corrosive name will always be the part of my identity that I carry with this face. Time will not come to my rescue. Every Thursday will remind me of you," Laxmi said reciting her poem with the First Lady and other top US officials on the dais.
 "When we see these women raise their voices and move their feet and empower others to create change, we need to realise that each of us has that same power and that same obligation," the First Lady said in her speech.
 "And as I learned about this year`s honourers and I thought about how we could support their work, I realised that for most of these women, there is a common foundation for their efforts. It`s a foundation of education," she said.
 Observing that she always walks away feeling inspired by these women, determined to reflect their courage in her own life, Obama said she is not alone in that feeling because every day with every life they touch and every spirit they raise, these women are creating ripples that stretch across the globe.
 "Last year on this stage, we honoured the memory of a tremendous young Indian woman known simply as Nirbhaya. This tragedy sparked outrage and inspired people all over the world to come together to say no more looking the other way when gender-based violence happens, no more stigma against victim or survivors," said Deputy Secretary of State, Heather A Higginbottom.
 "That is also the message of Laxmi from India. Acid attacks are committed almost exclusively on women, particularly on young women," she said.
 "Many of the victims feel they have no choice but to withdraw from society or even commit suicide, and they`re more common than you might realise, in part because it`s such an easy weapon to get your hands on. Until recently, anyone could walk into a store and buy a litre of acid as cheaply and as easily as a bottle of window cleaner," she said.

 "But after her attack, Laxmi became a tireless campaigner against acid attacks. Thanks to her hard work and tremendous diligence, Laxmi was successful in petitioning the Supreme Court to order the Indian government to regulate the sale of acid and to make prosecutions of acid attacks easier to pursue. And she continues to push for progress still today," she said.
 "For fearless advocacy on behalf of victims of acid attacks and for bringing hope to survivors of gender-based violence and disfigurement, we name Laxmi a Woman of Courage," Higginbottom said. 

------------------
 New Delhi: A 26-year-old woman suffered burn injuries after two bike-borne men threw acid on her in Nangloi area of west Delhi on Sunday.


The victim, who is married, was on her way to the market in Nangloi where the two men followed her on bike and the pillion rider threw acid on her face and fled the spot, police said.
 The woman suffered burn injuries on her face and neck and was rushed to Sanjay Gandhi Memorial hospital where doctors referred her to Safdarjung hospital, they said.
The victim has suffered 31 per cent burns and is recuperating. Her condition is said to be stable, they said.
 The woman in her statement has accused her maternal uncle and his wife for the attack. They are being questioned, police said. 

------------------
Zee Media Bureau


Lucknow: In a shocking incident a girl was raped and murdered in Uttar Pradesh`s Ambedkar Nagar district, reports said on Friday.
The assailants, who are yet to be identified, then poured acid on the girl`s face, making it very difficult for the police to ascertain the identity of the victim.
Police said the incident happened in Satrahi village and initially it seems to be a case of rape and murder. The assailants first strangulated the girl with her dupatta and then poured acid to hide her identity, police added.
The villagers found the body of the girl in a field, who further informed the police.

------------------
Howrah (WB): A 40-year-old man has been detained for allegedly throwing acid on a woman here, police said.
Pappu Singh threw acid on the 30-year-old woman, who is his neighbour, while she was returning home from a market yesterday evening, they said.
Police suspected that this is the result of a family feud between Singh and the woman.
The woman, seriously injured, was admitted to the Howrah district hospital, they said.  

------------------
 Bhopal: Unidentified persons on Friday tried to throw acid on a lady teacher of Maharishi Mahesh Yogi University here, police said.
     According to her complaint with the Mahila Thana, the miscreants came to her house and tried to throw acid on her.


 She suffered no injuries, police added.
 The victim had earlier accused the varsity`s Chancellor Girish Verma of sexual harassment. He was arrested last month and later got bail. 

------------------
Bhopal: Unidentified persons on Friday tried to throw acid on a lady teacher of Maharishi Mahesh Yogi University here, police said.


     According to her complaint with the Mahila Thana, the miscreants came to her house and tried to throw acid on her.
She suffered no injuries, police added.
 The victim had earlier accused the varsity`s Chancellor Girish Verma of sexual harassment. He was arrested last month and later got bail. 

------------------
New Delhi: The Delhi government on Wednesday said hospitals in the city cannot refuse immediate free medical aid in serious cases, especially to victims of rape and acid attacks.

The government also announced a string of measures in the health sector before the announcement of the schedule of the general elections. Once the date is announced, the central and state governments are barred from announcing new policies.
"We have issued an advisory to all the city hospitals not to deny immediate free medical aid to victims of sexual assault and acid attacks," Health Minister Satyendra Jain told reporters.
He said the government has received several complaints of hospitals refusing and delaying medical care to victims of crimes or road accidents.
The government will also procure 100 ambulances to ferry victims of rape or acid attacks to hospitals and back to their residences, along with accompanying family members.

The ambulances will have ICU facilities and provide "door-to-hospital" facility for people in the next six months, he said.
Government hospitals will also be computerised for their smooth functioning, he said.

------------------
Ranchi: She was merely 18-years-old when an acid attack while she was asleep on the terrace of her her house changed her life forever. After struggling for years with surgeries and shortage of funds, she has finally been given a government job.

Sonali Mukherjee has been given a class three job in a government school Jharkhand`s Bokaro city, an official said Wednesday. She was handed over the appointment letter by Chief Minister Hemant Soren Tuesday at Bokaro.
"We respect Sonali as she is one of the few women who raised their voice against atrocities. Everyone in India knows her for her courage," said Soren.
Mukherjee suffered the acid attack on April 22, 2003. She was asleep on the terrace of her house in Dhanbad when she felt a burning liquid splashed on her, melting away the flesh on her face, neck, the right part of her chest and lower torso.
The three men responsible, including a married man, were held and two of them were even convicted. But they were later granted bail by the Jharkhand High Court.
Mukherjee and her father, who has sold all his land and family jewels to fund her treatment and legal fees, are fighting to get the bail cancelled. They are also coping with threats from the accused, besides paying innumerable visits to hospitals for her treatment.
The three men, one of who was in his 40s and one was an 18-year-old, would tail her everyday, pass lewd comments and harass her. When she protested, she faced the acid attack.
Mukherjee has undergone many surgeries. She also appeared in "Kaun Banega Crorepati" show.

The Jharkhand government had assured her a job.
After getting the appointment letter, Mukherjee said: "I must thank all the people of the country who fought for me and supported me."

------------------
Lahore: A woman and her 12-year-old daughter suffered serious injuries in an acid attack in Pakistan`s central Punjab province, police said on Friday.

Sughra Bibi, 37, a resident of a village in Khanewal district, 300 km from provincial capital Lahore, was going with her daughter Zoya to see a doctor yesterday when two unidentified men threw acid on them and fled, witnesses and police officials said.
Passersby took them to the District Headquarters Hospital in Khanewal, where doctors described their condition as critical.

"Some 50 per cent of the body of the woman and her daughter has been burnt and their condition is very serious," policeman Wasim Ahmed quoted a doctor as saying.
Ahmed said Sughra Bibi`s husband works in the Gulf. One of her relatives said in a statement that a man in her neighbourhood was allegedly forcing her to have relations with him, he added.
Police have launched an investigation into the attack. Despite a new law with stringent punishment for acid attacks, women continue to be targeted in this manner in Punjab, the country`s most populous province. 

------------------
Lahore: A 24-year-old Pakistani woman lecturer suffered serious burns on her face and body in an acid attack by two motorcycle-borne assailants here.
Huma Shahid was going home in an auto-rickshaw after taking her classes when the assailants stopped her at gun point and threw acid on her yesterday, police said.

"They threw acid on her before escaping. We shifted the girl to the Jinnah Hospital," an eyewitness told police.
The victim has serious burns on her face and chest but her condition was out of danger, doctors said.
Huma is an applied psychology lecturer at the University of Management and Technology, Jauhar Town Lahore.

Her father, Shahid Farooqi, told police that his daughter was going to get married next month.
Police have begun an investigation and are recording the statements of students and family members of the victim, SP Malik Awais said.

------------------
Mumbai: Nine months after the acid attack on a Delhi resident here that claimed her life, her neighbour was arrested for allegedly carrying out the crime as he was jealous of her career growth, police said on Friday.

Accused Ankur Panwar (23), a hotel management graduate, was a neighbour of victim Preeti Rathi and resided in Bhakra Beas Management Board Colony, was arrested from Delhi. He confessed to the crime saying that he hated for her career growth, Joint Police Commissioner (Crime) Himanshu Roy said.
"The reason for this extreme step the accused cited was that his parents often mocked him for not getting a job despite having completed his course and praised his neighbour Rathi saying she had got hold of a good job in Indian Navy. Because of this, Ankur was very jealous of her and had been looking for an opportunity to severely harm her in a bid to deface her so that her career gets destroyed," Roy explained.
On May 2, 2013, acid was flung on Rathi when she got down from Garib Rath Express at the Bandra Railway Terminus here.
She was supposed to join Colaba Naval hospital INS Ashwini as a staff nurse. Having suffered severe damage to her lungs, she succumbed to the injuries on June 1 at the Bombay Hospital.
Government Railway Police had probed the case and arrested a man called Pawan Gehlot on suspicion, but could not prove his links in the case, after which he was discharged from the case.

Hearing a plea on alleged sluggish pace of probe in the case by Railway Police, Bombay High Court transferred the case to Mumbai Police Crime branch, which took over the investigation in December last year. A special team had been formed to probe the case.
"Eight months after the incident, we took over the case. There were no clues in the case. After thoroughly scrutinising of loads of technical data, analysing them and putting painstaking efforts, my team zeroed in on Ankur," Roy said. 

------------------
Lahore: A man in Pakistan`s Punjab province attacked his two young step-daughters with acid for refusing to marry men chosen by him, police said today.

Muhammad Aslam, a mason from Pattoki village, located 70 km from provincial capital Lahore, threw acid on his step-daughters Malaika, 19, and Javeria, 23, while they were asleep last night.
Both victims were brought to Jinnah Hospital in Lahore, where doctors described their condition as critical.
Police said Aslam often quarrelled with his step-daughters on the issue of their marriage. "He wanted to marry them with men of his choice," police official Bashir Ahmed said.
Aslam had allegedly accepted money from a man in his neighbourhood after promising to marry one of the step-daughters to him.

"When both girls refused the proposal, Aslam threw acid on them to teach them a lesson," Ahmed said.
A case was registered against Aslam and police are conducting raids to arrest him.

------------------
Ludhiana: A 22-year-old bride, who suffered serious burn injuries in an acid attack, breathed her last today at a Mumbai hospital.

The victim Harpreet Kaur was shifted from DMC Hospital, Ludhiana to National Burns Centre, Mumbai for treatment on December 12.
Her body will be air lifted to her native town Barnala, said Nirmal Singh Dhillon, Police Commissioner Ludhiana.
The victim had gone to a beauty salon in Sarabha Nagar for her bridal make-up shortly before her marriage on December 7 when the accused youth barged in and threw acid on her. Three other women present there were also injured in the attack.
Ludhiana police had arrested one Amitpal Kaur, the divorced wife of the elder brother of the groom, alongwith her paramour and five others in connection with the case.

During interrogation, she told the police that she was envious of seeing the family happy since her divorce, and sought help from her paramour to scar the bride with acid on the day of her wedding.
Kaur told the police that she attacked Harpreet so that no one dares to marry their daughter into the groom`s family.
The victim had sustained 45 per cent burns including her face, eyes, chest and abdomen were affected. 

------------------
Meerut: Three bike-borne men threw acid on a 17-year-old college student at Mawana here and fled the spot, police said on Monday.
The girl was returning home from college after her exams when the incident happened, police said, adding that she was admitted with burn injuries to a local hospital.


Doctors treating the victim said her face was badly burnt although her eyes were not affected.
The victim`s statement could not be taken as her condition was not stable now, police said, adding that they were inquiring into the crime. 

------------------
Ludhiana: Days after a man threw acid on a bride at a beauty parlour here, the 22-year-old victim, who was in the ICU of a local hospital here was sent to Mumbai for specialised treatment.

She would be admitted in the National Burns Centre there.
The victim was taken to Chandigarh earlier today, from where she boarded a flight to Mumbai later.
The woman was accompanied by her mother, brother and two doctors.
Stating that the police would bear the entire cost of her treatment and the stay of the family at Mumbai, Ludhiana Police Commissioner N S Dhillon told reporters that two police officials would also reach Mumbai over the next couple of days to help the victim and her family.
"Our duty is not confined to arrest culprits only. We also have a social and human duty to perform," he said.
Three days back police had arrested six persons, including a woman who masterminded the attack.
Amitpal Kaur, the woman, Parvinder Singh alias Vicky, the attacker, and four of their associates were arrested from Patiala, police had said.

Investigations had revealed that the bride was not the intended target of the act planned by Kaur, the divorced wife of the elder brother of the groom, seeking revenge on the groom`s family.
The victim, a resident of Barnala, had gone to a beauty parlour in Sarabha Nagar in Ludhiana to get ready for her marriage when the young man barged in and threw acid on her and fled the spot on Saturday. 

------------------
 Ludhiana: A 22-year-old bride sustained burns after a young man threw acid on her face at a beauty parlour at Sarabha nagar here on Saturday.

 The woman had gone to the parlour for her bridal make up shortly before her marriage when the young man barged in and threw acid on her and fled the spot, police said.
 The victim, resident of Barnala town, sustained 45 per cent burns and was admitted to the ICU (burn) of a local hospital, where her condition was stated to be stable.
 Stating that the girl`s face, eyes, chest and abdomen were affected, Medical Superintendent of the hospital Ashwani Chaudhary said it was premature to say whether "she will retain her vision or not".
 Two girls, who were doing the bridal makeup for the victim, also came under the attack, but did not sustain any injury, police said. They were examined in the hospital and discharged shortly afterwards.
 According to witnesses, the man escaped in a car kept in running condition outside the parlour in Sarabha Nagar, Commissioner of Police (CP), Ludhiana N S Dhillon said.
 The marriage of the woman, which was to be solemnized at a resort on Pakhowal road, has been postponed in view of the incident, her family said.
 According to preliminary interrogations of the family, the man, also of Barnala, and a friend of the victim`s brother, used to make threatening calls to the woman asking her to marry him or face consequences, the CP said.
 Police parties have been sent to Barnala to nab the man, he said, adding that the assistance of the local police there has been sought.

 Later, Deputy Commissioner of Police (DCP), Ludhiana Harsh Bansal told reporters that a youth has been detained for interrogation in connection with the incident.
 Bansal declined to reveal the identity of the detained youth saying efforts were on to nab the accused.

------------------
New Delhi: An acid attack survivor, who lost her vision in the incident, will soon join in the Supreme Court as its employee.

 Anu Mukherjee was selected two months ago as a Junior Court Attendant at the initiative taken by Justice Kurian Joseph who is one of the three apex court judges hearing the matter relating to acid attacks.
"In my initiative, this job was given to her. I just came to know about the plight of this girl from media two months ago and I took the initiative," Justice Kurian Joseph told a news agency.

 "I thought what little I could do from my side not as a Judge but as a human being. I substituted my daughter or my sister in her place and that`s how I responded," he said.
 Mukherjee was a dancer in a dance bar till she was attacked by a man in 2004. 

------------------
Bhadoi: A two-year-old boy on Saturday died after his father allegedly threw acid on him and mother-in-law following a dispute in Sitamarhi area.
 The accused, Babloo, threw acid on his two-year-old son, Nanhu and mother-in-law, Gena Devi (50) in Katra village late last night, police said.
 The two were admitted to a hospital in Allahabad where the boy died this morning.
 The accused is at large and efforts are on to nab, they said. 

------------------
Hyderabad: A 45-year-old woman suffered burn injuries after an unidentified person threw acid on her in Khammam town of Andhra Pradesh today, the police said.

 The housewife was walking on the roadside at Kinnera Centre, when one person came from behind, suddenly threw acid on her and fled the spot, the police said.
 It is suspected that the woman was attacked due to a family dispute, they added.

 "The woman suffered around 30 per cent burn injuries in the incident and is undergoing treatment at a hospital, where her condition is stated to be out of danger," a police officer said.
 Khammam One Town police has registered a case and are investigating the case further. 

------------------
Zee Media Bureau

New Delhi: In a gruesome attack, a man threw acid on a teenage girl and her friend here on Sunday for refusing his marriage proposal.
The incident took place in Begumpur, west Delhi.
The accused, identified as Manoj, attacked Parvati (18) and her friend Gayatri (16) with acid when the duo were going to a market last evening.
Manoj, who was on the run, was arrested by the Delhi Police on Monday.
Parvatis refusal to marry Manoj allegedly triggered the attack. The accused is already married.

"He was troubling my daughter for a long time. We have registered an FIR. When he was beaten by police, he had said that he will stop harassing her. But when she went to the market in the evening, he threw acid on her," Parvati`s mother said.
Parvati had received around 50 per cent burn injuries while Gyatri around 20 per cent burn injuries. The two girls were initially admitted to a nearby government hospital, but were later shifted to the Lok Nayak Jayaprakash Hospital.

------------------
New Delhi: Two teenage girls were attacked with acid by a man for declining his marriage proposal in Begumpur area of West Delhi.

The accused, Manoj threw acid on Parvati (18) and her friend Gayatri (16) while they were on way to a market this evening, police said.
Manoj, who is already married, had proposed Parvati but she had declined his proposal, police said.

Parvati had received around 50 per cent burn injuries while Gyatri around 20 per cent burn injuries. The two have been admitted to a nearby government hospital.
The passers-by tried to catch Manoj but he managed to flee from the spot. 

------------------
     Mumbai: The Maharashtra government on Monday told the Bombay High Court that it would form `rehabilitation boards` and `trauma teams` in every district to offer support to the victims of rape, sexual assault and acid attack, in keeping with its newly-introduced `Manodhariya` (morale) policy.

     The court, hearing a Public Interest Litigation filed by Forum Against Oppression of Women, had asked the government to state what policy it had framed for rehabilitating victims of sexual assault and other crimes targeting women.
     These measures are in addition to the compensation ranging from Rs 50,000 to three lakhs payable to the victims under the policy, according a government resolution of October 21, issued by Women and Child Development Department.
     As a copy of the GR was produced today, the bench headed by Justice P V Hardas adjourned the matter to November 25.
     A compensation of Rs three lakh would be paid to the victim immediately in the cases of rape and serious injuries in acid attacks. For less serious cases, Rs two lakh would be given -- half the amount after filing of FIR and the rest after filing of chargesheet.
     `District Criminal Injuries and Rehabilitation Board` would be formed to decide the nature and intensity of the offence so that a suitable compensation could be paid.
     Police officer in charge of Police Stations, on registration of FIR, shall inform the President of the Board about the offence.
     `Trauma team` consisting of a female counsellor, medical officers, support persons and police personnel would visit the victim.

     Under the Manodhariya policy, the victims are entitled to free services of psychiatrists.
     For rehabilitation, whenever necessary, the victims would be provided with accommodation, counselling, medical aid, legal help and vocational training, the GR says.

------------------
Muzaffarnagar: A local court here has framed charges against the four accused in connection with an acid attack case in which four sisters were injured.

The charges were framed yesterday against the four accused, Babar Jung, Javed, Kallu and Ayyub alias Badru under various sections of the IPC, District Session Judge Rama Jain said.

The court has fixed November 16 for next hearing.
Four sisters, all of whom are teachers, suffered serious burn injuries when the accused threw acid on them when they were returning from UP board exams` duty at Kandhla town in Shamli district in April this year. 

------------------
Nagapattinam: Nearly eight months after her 23-year-old software engineer daughter succumbed to an acid attack, her mother has committed suicide, police said.

They said Saraswathi was in depression ever since the death of her daughter on November 14. 
Last night, she allegedly consumed poison and was rushed to the government hospital at her native village of Thirukkadaiyur in the district, where she was declared brought dead.
Her body was handed over to her relatives today after post-mortem, they said.
Vinodhini, a B Tech graduate working in a private firm, had gone home for Diwali celebrations when she faced an acid attack at a bus terminus at Karaikal on November 14 by a construction worker, Suresh, whose overtures she rejected.
She was first rushed to a private hospital in Karaikal from where she was shifted to JIPMER (Jawharlal Post Graduate Institute of Medical Sciences) in Puducherry. She was then referred to a government hospital here and a private hospital for specialised treatment, where she breathed her last.
Suresh was arrested soon after the incident and charges framed against him under various sections of the IPC.
On August 20, he was sentenced to life imprisonment by a court in Karaikal, which also slapped a fine of Rs one lakh on him and awarded four-and-a-half years Rigorous Imprisonment for causing injuries to Vinodhini`s father during the attack.

The judge had also ordered that Rs 50,000 of the Rs one lakh fine be paid to the family of the victim. 
PTI 

------------------
Jalandhar: A Punjab Congress leader`s wife was seriously injured when two unidentified persons allegedly threw acid on her in Variyam Nagar here on Friday, police said.

50-year-old Jitender Kaur, the wife of Punjab Pradesh Congress leader Rashpal Singh, reportedly lost vision in one of her eyes besides suffering serious burn injuries on face and other body parts, after two motorcycle-borne miscreants allegedly threw acid on her and fled, they said.
The incident occurred when Kaur was returning from a gurudwara in Variyam Nagar area of the city. She was sent to a local hospital for treatment.
A case has been registered under various sections of the IPC and investigation is on to nab the culprits, police said.

Punjab Pradesh Congress spokesperson Sukhpal Singh Kera condemned the attack and demanded a probe into the incident. 
PTI

------------------
New Delhi: A 34-year-old girl whose face was burnt and who lost vision in one eye in an acid attack eight years ago has approached Supreme Court, which sought response from the Centre and the UP government as to why she should not be compensated from Nirbhaya Fund and given free treatment.

    A bench headed by Justice R M Lodha issued notice to the Centre and the state government on a plea of Kumari Nargis who informed the court that she has not received any compensation from the governments despite apex court order and pleaded that she too be given free medical treatment like the December 16 gangrape victim.
    "Victim of recent gang rape Nirbhaya was sent by the Centre to Singapore by a private plane at the cost of public exchequer and was treated there. The petitioner being citizen of India deserves the same equal protection of law for treatments on the ground of parity," senior advocate Parmanand Katara, appearing for the petitioner, said.
 In this case Nargis, a law graduate hailing from Agra, was allegedly attacked by friends of his brother-in-law for opposing his marriage with her sister. Her face was burnt and she lost vision in one eye in the attack.
   Referring to the apex court verdict directing that acid-attack victims be compensated by at least by Rs 3 lakh, she submitted that she has not been given any compensation by the governments.

    "Issue an appropriate direction to governments to send her to Singapore for better medical treatment and for reconstruction of her face by plastic surgery on a par with Nirbhaya," she said in her plea. 
PTI

------------------
Lahore: A Pakistani court has given a life sentence to a man for attacking a 13-year-old girl with acid in Punjab province.

    The district and sessions judge in Muzaffargarh also imposed a fine of Rs 1.2 million on Farooq Shah. He said Rs 1 million of this amount should be given to the victim.
 During proceedings yesterday, the judge further ordered the sale of the convict`s property for payment of the compensation and fine.
     Shah, 25, threw acid on the girl after she reportedly resisted his attempts to rape her. The girl suffered burns on her face and neck.

 A case was registered against Shah in April in Muzaffargarh district, 400 km from Lahore, the capital of Punjab. 
PTI

------------------
New Delhi: A man threw acid on his 32-year-old wife after an argument here, police said Tuesday. The attacker`s 18-year-old niece was also injured in the incident.
Devender, 38, a factory worker, threw acid on his wife Suman causing burns Monday night in their house in east Delhi`s Mandawali area, police said. He is absconding.
Devender`s niece, who was present at the spot, also received burns in the attack, police said.

"The accused fled after the crime," said a police officer.

Suman was hospitalised with 28 percent burns while Devender`s niece was reported to be out of danger, police said. 
IANS

------------------
New Delhi: A man allegedly threw acid on his wife and a niece following an argument in Mandawali area of East Delhi.

Devender, in an inebriated condition, threw acid on his wife Bimla and 18-year-old niece Rani last night after a heated argument over his drinking habit, police said today.
The couple stayed in the house along with their three children. Rani, who came to meet Devender and his family, suffered burn injuries in the incident.
"After the argument, Devender hurled a bottle containing acid on Bimla and when Rani tried to rescue her she was also attacked," said police.
Devender then fled from the crime scene while the victims were taken to Lal Bahadur Shastri Hospital for the treatment.

Police said they were conducting raids to arrest the accused. 
PTI

------------------
Kendrapara (Odisha): A jilted lover who had allegedly assaulted a 22-year-old unmarried girl by throwing acid on her at Badanaukana village under Rajnagar police station jurisdiction on September 6, was arrested on Saturday, police said.

He was nabbed from a village in West Bengal while the police also arrested another person who helped the accused to flee from the village.
The offender Alekh Mandal was nabbed from Baunsagada village under Purba Medinipur district of West Bengal. With active assistance of officials of Khejuri police in Bengal, the Bengali-speaking migrant settler was picked from a relatives house, said Kendrapara Superintendent of Police, Rabi Narayan Behera.
The accused Mandal who has confessed to the crime, was brought to Kendrapara today. The accused admitted that he committed the crime in a fit of rage after she turned down his proposal for love.
The victim, who had received about 40 per cent burn injuries, is fast recovering. She is out of danger. We have recorded her statement on the crime, he said.
Mandal who was a quack and doing roaring practice in the village, had fled to neighbouring Shailendranarayanpur village where Bhanu Das provided him shelter. Later he escaped to Dhamra in Bhadrak district from where he made his way to Kolkata by a private bus.
Later he had moved to Baunsagada village under Khejuri police station jurisdiction where some of his relatives stayed. The unsuspecting relatives extended hospitality to Mandal as they had no slightest inkling of the commission of offence by Mandal.
Police tracked him down by electronic tracking system. "We had sought the help of our counterpart in West Bengal. A special Squad constituted for the purpose by Kendrapara police apprehended him in Khejuri police station area with local police help", the SP Behera said.

24-year-old Mandal and Bhanu Das were produced at the court and later sent to jail following rejection of their bail applications. 
PTI 

------------------
Sergei Filin back at Bolshoi after acid attackZee Media Bureau/ Aparna Mudi

Moscow: Sergei Filin, who was wounded and partially blinded by a horrendous acid attack in January, has returned to the Bolshoi Ballet in Moscow. With media flocking for the premiere of the new theatre season in Moscow, years of disrepute may finally take a turn around for the troupe. 

Appointed in 2011 as the Artistic Director of the renowned Ballet, Filin, has led the tours to Paris, Japan and America.
The assailant threw a jar of Sulphuric Acid to the Ballet Dancers face outside his apartment in Moscow. He was arrested along with an accomplice. One of the theatres primary male dancers, Pavel Dmitrichenko, is facing trial for ordering the attack to which he has confessed although he denies wanting to throw acid. The differences of opinion between Dmitrichenko and Filin escalated to a violent result. Thankfully, Filin has not suffered any major scarring. 
Sadly, even after a dozen or so surgeries to recover his eyesight, Sergei Filin has spent the better part of the last six months recovering in Germany. He now has 80% vision left in one eye, although the other one is still almost blind.
Even though he has joined back at Bolshoi promising his dynamism and success, he will be travelling back and forth from Germany for further treatment of his eye. 

The general director of Bolshoi, Anatoly Iksanov, was fired earlier this year for the innumerable scandals and accusations of embezzlement and laundering at Bolshoi. He has been replaced by Vladimir Urin, who previously headed the Stanislavsky and Nemirovich-Danchenko theater.
Filin now plans to be based in Moscow to realise the same heights as before in his work at the theatre.

------------------
Bhopal: A couple was seriously injured in an acid attack by another couple during a heated row over an old property dispute, police said on Sunday.

 Sanjay Singh (37) and his wife Mona Singh (35) were allegedly attacked with acid by Rajkumar and his wife Radha at Shabri Nagar yesterday.
 The victims, who sustained severe burn injuries on their faces and hands, were admitted to Government Hamidia Hospital, Chhola Police station in-charge Mohan Sarwan said.
Following the incident, the accused were arrested and produced in a local court which remanded them in judicial custody.
Rajkumar had claimed that the house in which both the couples resided was owned by him and wanted to drive out tenant Sanjay and his family from there. However, he failed to produce proper documents to prove his claim, Sarwan said.
The accused Rajkumar, who worked at a jewellery shop, used concentrated acid meant to clean jewellery for attacking the couple, he said.

A case has been registered against the accused under section 326(A) (voluntarily causing grievous hurt by dangerous weapons or means) of IPC, police added. 
PTI

------------------
Kendrapara: A 19-year-old girl sustained burn injury after a jilted lover poured acid on her as she turned down his proposal, police said.

The critically injured girl was rushed to SCB medical college hospital in Cuttack. She was admitted to the casualty department and later shifted to special burn ward with 40 percent injury, doctors said.
According to villagers the incident took place at around 2 pm on Thursday night while the victim was asleep in her room. The accused allegedly threw the acid through the windows of her bed room and fled the spot, sources added.
The incident took place at Badanaukana village under Brahmanasahi gram panchayat under Rajnagar police station jurisdiction.

The accused, identified as Alekh Mandal was a self styled physician. He, however, feld the village after committing the crime. Police said a massive manhunt has been launched to nab the culprit.
Mandal was staying in a rented accommodation on the neighbourhood of victim`s house. He used to make romantic advances towards her which the victim girl had spurned. That might have enraged him to hit upon the harsh step like throwing acid, police said.
In another acid attack in Ichapur area of Kendrapara Township, a father-son duo was critically injured as unidentified miscreants threw acid on them on Wednesday night.
PTI

------------------
Zee Media Bureau

Agra: A girl was attacked with acid by a person in the Taj City, Uttar Pradesh on Thursday.
It is being alleged that the girl was attacked as she had refused to marry the person. As per reports the boy barged into the house and threw acid on her.

The victim has received severe burn injuries and is being treated in a nearby hospital.
The accused is yet to be arrested.
More details are awaited.

------------------
New Delhi: A man has been sentenced to life imprisonment by a Delhi court for throwing acid on two brothers, leading to their death.

 The judge also issued a show-cause notice to two eye-witnesses, who were declared hostile during the trial, for "hiding true facts from the court."
 Additional Sessions Judge Raj Paul Singh sent Sanjay, who belongs to Bihar, behind the bars for life and also imposed on him a fine of Rs 1 lakh, which it said "shall be paid to the family of the deceased as compensation."
 "I have gone through the cross-examination of witnesses and the counsel for the accused could not breach their credibility. Further, as per FSL report, nitric acid was detected to be ingested on the clothes of the deceased persons.
"Further, the accused has made confessional statement and got recovered plastic cane from which he took acid and poured upon Dhananjay and Akshay. All these facts lead to legitimate inference that it was Sanjay who caused their death by throwing acid," the judge said.
 The prosecution case was that Sanjay was working in a steel and alloy factory in Bawana in northwest Delhi.
 On October 24, 2009, he threw acid on Dhananjay and his brother Akshay, who were working in an adjacent plastic factory, leading to their death by ingestion and burns.
 The complaint was made by Rishi who was the eye-witness to the incident and also worked with the victims.
 Sanjay`s employer also told the court that he was informed by two other workers Lakhendra and Rajeev that a quarrel had erupted between Sanjay and the victims and he had threatened them to kill them by throwing acid on them.
 After arrest, Sanjay pointed out that he had taken nitric acid from his factory, where it is used to dissolve rust from wires, and had thrown it on the victims.
Sanjay`s colleagues, who had witnessed the incident and
informed their employer about it, were made prosecution witnesses but turned hostile.
 On this, the court directed that they had "deliberately deposed falsely and have suppressed true facts from the court".

 "Let show-cause notice for September 23 be issued against them as to why proceedings shall not be initiated against them for giving false evidence." 
PTI 

------------------
Bulandshahr: Four members of a family, including a minor boy, sustained burn injuries when two assailants threw acid on them at their residence in Bhaipura village in the district, police said on Tuesday.

The incident took place last night when the victims, identified as Dayawati (55), her daughters Lali (20) and Babita (18) and son Aman (7) were sleeping at their house, they said.
Among the injured, who have been admitted to government hospital here, Lali has been referred to Meerut for higher treatment.
Meanwhile, Dayawati`s another son Rajkumar has lodged an FIR against one named Jitendar and one of his aide, police said.
He alleged that Rajendra had eve-teased his two sisters last year and following which a case has been registered against him.
He added that the accused has committed the offence in order to take revenge from the family.

Further probes are on, police added. 
PTI

------------------
 Anantapuram: A female undergraduate college student was attacked with acid here on Monday after she refused to withdraw a police case filed against her former suitor for allegedly making false promises to marry her.
 The victim, who sustained acid burn injuries all over her body except face, was admitted to hospital by local autorickshaw drivers. Police has registered a case against the offender, who is from Muddigubba mandal.

 She had filed a police complaint against the alleged culprit, one Raghava, for falsely promising to marry her but later wedded another woman.

 Allegedly, Raghava used to harass her frequently to withdraw her complaint, which she refused. 
PTI

------------------
Burdwan: A pawnbroker allegedly attempted to murder a woman by using acid today as she had released her land from him in Kalna area of Burdwan district, the police said.

The adivasi woman, Sambali Mandi, had pawned her land with the pawnbroker, Abodh Mandal, and he had thought she would not be able to release the land and it would be his.
But Sambali managed to release the land some days ago and Mandal had developed a grudge against her, the police said.
Today when the woman was alone in her house, Mandal tried to douse her with acid but she managed to save herself.
However, her left was damaged and doctors at Kalna hospital, where she was admitted, said it was difficult to save the eye.
Mandal was absconding.
In another incident in the district, the police recovered the decomposed body of a 32-year-old woman, Bandana Biswas, from a bush beside the Ajay river in Ausgram.
The police alleged that her husband strangulated her with a rope on August 26 and dumped the body in that spot.

While two brothers and a sister-in-law of Bandana`s husband were arrested, the main accused was at large, the police said. 
PTI 

------------------
New Delhi: A 40-year-old woman sustained severe burn injuries as two unidentified assailants, who came on a motorcycle, threw acid on her after barging inside her house in Dilshad Garden area of North-East Delhi, police said on Friday.

According to the police the incident took place last Wednesday afternoon when she was alone at home.
"As per the woman, two persons, one wearing helmet and another with his face covered with a handkerchief barged into her house and threw acid on her face. The chemical fell on her stomach and face," said a police official.
After committing the crime, the duo fled on their motorcycle. A PCR call was made and she was rushed to nearby GTB Hospital, from where, she was discharged after treatment.

Police are suspecting involvement of a family member in the incident as she was having a tiff with her sister-in-law. 
PTI

------------------
Mathura: A woman was seriously injured when her neighbour threw acid at her over a property dispute in Duliaganj area in Govindnagar here, police said Wednesday.

Nagina`s brother Guddan had purchased a house from Abrar, the accused, around eight months back. However, some more money had to be paid to Abrar. Yesterday evening, Nagina and her sister Sagina went to the accused house and asked for more time to pay back the due amount.

The accused denied her more time but soon a brawl broke out between the two and in a fit of rage the accused Abrar and his family members threw acid on Nagina`s face, injuring her seriously.
Abrar has been arrested and a search is on to nab the four other family members of the accused, police said.
PTI

------------------
Karaikal: In one of the fastest trials that lasted four months, a local court today sentenced a man to life imprisonment for the fatal acid attack on a woman software engineer.

Judicial Magistrate Vaidyanathan, who pronounced the verdict, also slapped a fine of Rs one lakh on Suresh and awarded him a four and half year Rigorous Imprisonment for causing injuries to the woman`s father during the attack.
The judge also ordered that Rs 50,000 of the Rs one lakh fine be paid to the family of the victim.
Enraged over 23-year-old Vinodhini spurning his advances, Suresh, a construction worker, had flung acid on her at a bus terminus here on November 14, 2012. A B.Tech graduate working in a private firm, she had come home for Diwali celebrations when she was attacked.
After battling for life for three months in hospital, she succumbed to injuries on February 12 this year.
Suresh was arrested soon after the incident and charges framed against him under various sections of IPC, including 302 (Punishment for murder)and 324 (Voluntarily causing hurt by dangerous weapons or means).

The court, which commenced the trial on Apr 24 completed it within four months and the verdict was pronounced on Monday.
PTI

------------------
New Delhi: A 20-year-old woman miraculously escaped major injuries after two motorcycle-borne assailants threw acid on her here, police said on Friday.

The bikers, who were masked, threw acid on the woman in east Delhi`s GTB Enclave area Wednesday evening when she was returning from a factory where she works as a labourer.
New Delhi: A 20-year-old woman miraculously escaped major injuries after two motorcycle-borne assailants threw acid on her here, police said on Friday.
The bikers, who were masked, threw acid on the woman in east Delhi`s GTB Enclave area Wednesday evening when she was returning from a factory where she works as a labourer.

The assailants fled after the attack, added the officer.
IANS

------------------
New Delhi: A 21-year-old woman suffered burn injuries on her arm in an alleged acid attack carried out by two men in Nand Nagari area here on Friday.

The victim, police said, was returning home after meeting an acquaintence residing in GTB Enlcave when the men drew up on a motorcycle and the pillion rider allegedly hurled acid on her at around 8pm, police said.
The woman lives in Nand Nagri with her family and works in a private company, they added.
She escaped with minor burns on her right forearm, police said.
A police complaint has been lodged in this regard with Nand Nagri police.
Additional Commissioner of Police (north-east district) VV Chowdhury said no one has been arrested in the case yet.

"We have lodged a complaint against unnamed persons. She has suffered burns on her right forearm. We are yet to arrest the guilty persons. We are waiting for the girl to provide us with some clues and looking into the case from all angles," Chowdhury told PTI.
PTI

------------------
Mumbai: The Bombay High Court has granted bail to a youth arrested for his alleged involvement in the acid attack on a 24-year-old woman at a suburban railway station, observing that police had arrested him only on the basis of "suspicion".

"It is clear that the applicant (Pawankumar Gahlan) was only arrested on the basis of suspicion, that too because he had enquired about the health of Preeti from her sister Tannu four days after the incident," Justice Sadhana Jadhav observed while granting him bail on a bond of Rs 15,000 on Wednesday.
On May 02, an unidentified man flung acid on Preeti Rathi soon after she alighted at Bandra railway station. She was to join the Colaba Naval hospital as a staff nurse.
Preeti suffered severe damage to her lungs and succumbed to injuries on June 1 at Bombay Hospital. She was cremated at her home town Narela in Haryana on June 4.
Before her death, Preeti told the police after seeing sketch of the suspect that it could be Pawan, Ankur or Satyam (all three live in the same area as Preeti in Haryana). While Pawan was arrested by the railway police, Satyam was interrogated and let off and Ankur is still untraceable.
Gahlan approached the High Court seeking bail on the ground that he had been falsely implicated in the case and that even Preeti and her father had told the police that he was not involved in the attack.
Accepting the contention, the court said, "After the applicant was arrested, the victim had specifically written that it cannot be Pawankumar since she had not even talked to him in the last two years."
"On one of the chits, she (Preeti) had written that she had no love affair with anybody. She had no enmity with anybody. She had specifically written that it could not have been the present applicant," Justice Jadhav said.
The court also took note of the fact that Preeti`s father Amarsingh Rathi, in his statement to police, said that Pawankumar was not involved in the attack. Rathi had told the police that he was well acquainted with Pawankumar and had no suspicion on him.
During arguments, Rathi told the court that since the police was still clueless about the accused, the probe should be handed over to CBI.

Prosecutor Prajakta Shinde told the court that there is communication between state`s additional chief secretary and CBI director and there is every likelihood that the investigation would be transferred to CBI. 
PTI 

------------------
Lucknow: A young woman managed to escape an acid attack by a 50-year-old man who was pressurising her for marriage, police said here on Wednesday.

Vishnu Narain Shivpuri, a resident of paper mill colony, threw acid on the 24-year-old victim, a native of Dehradun, yesterday in Mahanagar area after she refused his marriage proposal, they said.

The victim did not sustain any injury in the incident as she had moved aside to protect herself, police said.
She told the police that Shivpuri was friend of her late father and was pressurising her for marriage. 
PTI 

------------------
Mumbai: The Maharashtra government had sought a CBI probe into the Preeti Rathi acid attack case two months ago, Home Minister RR Patil said on Tuesday.

"The state government sought a CBI probe into the matter in June," he said, responding to reports about delay on part of the state government on the issue.
Patil had given directions about handing over the probe to CBI in June when Preeti`s father met him with the demand, an official said.
After Patil`s directives, the Principal Secretary (Home) had written to CBI director Ranjit Sinha, seeking that the agency probe the case.
"It is the CBI which takes the final decision on probing a case. As such, there is no truth in reports that Patil reneged on his assurance about a CBI probe in the case," the official said.
The father of Delhi resident Preeti Rathi, who died after a man flung acid on her face here in May, approached the Bombay High Court seeking a CBI inquiry.
Amar Singh Rathi sought that the probe be transferred to the CBI after alleged inaction by Mumbai police in arresting the culprit.
An unidentified man had flung acid on Preeti (23) when she got down from a train at Bandra Terminus in Mumbai on May 2. She died after being on ventilator support for two weeks.

Preeti was supposed to join the Colaba Naval Hospital `INS Ashwini` as a staff nurse. 
PTI

------------------

------------------
New Delhi: Women and Child Development Minister Krishna Tirath on Monday said her Ministry is in favour of providing free surgery and treatment to acid attack victims even in private hospitals.

She said that the Ministry had written a letter to the Health Ministry some time back about bearing the cost of surgery and treatment of the victims of acid attack.
"We had written a letter to the Union Health Ministry asking them to make surgery and treatment of the victims of acid attack free of cost and they had reverted back saying that it is already free in government hospitals.
"But then we are asking them to make it free even in private hospitals too as not many hospitals have the treatment facilities. We are still following it up with them," she said.
Tirath said that she personally met Health Minister Gulam Nabi Azad to discuss the issue.
She said the Ministry is in consultation with experts to come up with some punishment for juvenile repeat offenders at reform homes.
"The aim is to correct a juvenile rather than punishing him. So we are in consultation with various experts about what kind of punishment can be given to a juvenile at the home itself to correct him," Tirath said.
She said her Ministry is taking proactive steps for the launch of Saksham scheme for adolescent boys in view of the rising crimes against women.

"The new scheme will focus on the overall growth of young boys and will be similar to Sabla. The aim is to sensitise boys between the age group of 10-18 years about women issues to change their mindset and outlook," she said, adding the cabinet note on Saksham scheme is in the process of being prepared. 
PTI

------------------
Zee Media Bureau

Ghaziabad: A day after being arrested for pouring acid on a woman, the accused in the case committed suicide in police custody on Saturday.
Lakhan Singh hanged himself in Vijay Nagar police station here. 
He was arrested late Friday night.
Superintendent of Police Shiv Shankar Yadav had called a press conference at 2.00 pm to announce Singh`s arrest. Before he could address the media, he was informed about Lakhan Singh`s suicide and rushed to the hospital, where the accused was declared dead.
Lakhan Singh had on Friday thrown acid on a 22-year-old woman, working as a house maid. She sustained major burn injuries here after Lakhan threw acid at her face after she refused his proposal in Vijay Nagar area.
Lakhan Singh (30) had proposed to the victim two days back at her residence while her husband had gone outside for work. However, she rejected his proposal which angered the accused and he threatened the woman with dire consequences, SHO, Vijay Nagar police station, Virender Yadav, had said on Friday.
The incident occurred at Crossings Republik, a newly-developed township in Vijay Nagar.

The woman was returning home at about 8.30 am when the attackers threw acid on her. She suffered about 30 percent burn injuries on the left side of her face, chest and arm.
Police rushed her to a hospital, where doctors said she was stable. "The victim originally hails from Madhepura in Bihar," said the officer.
(With Agency inputs)

------------------
Bhopal: Madhya Pradesh Chief Minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan on Sunday said that his government will take stern action against the culprits in acid attack cases by charging them of attempt to murder.

 "In the event of death of an acid attack victim, section 302 (murder) is normally applied but in case of an acid attack, the government will apply IPC`s section 307 (attempt to murder) against those involved in such crimes," Chouhan told reporters after giving details about his pre-poll `Janashirwad Yatra`, which will begin tomorrow from Ujjain.
The state government will also implement the Supreme Court order on banning sale of acid in open in the state soon, he said.
Referring to his Janashirwad Yatra, Chouhan said  it was an endeavour to tell the people about the work done by his government for their welfare and seek blessings for the state Assembly elections, due later this year.
Leader of Opposition in Lok Sabha, Sushma Swaraj will flag off Chouhan`s yatra from Ujjain, he said adding that other party leaders including BJP veteran LK Advani and Gujarat Chief Minister Narendra Modi would also take part in it later on.
The yatra will culminate at Bhopal on September 25, on Pandit Deen Dayal Upadhyaya`s birth anniversary when the party will organise a `Karyakarta Mahakumbh`.
On the issue of Congress state leaders targeting him before the polls, he said the Congress central leadership has asked them to attack him directly as they don`t have any other issues related to development to corner him before the polls.
It was a fact that the central ministers and other leaders had praised his government`s policies on many occasions, he said.
To a question on the recent Pre Medical Test (PMT) scam, he said the Madhya Pradesh Professional Examination Board has initiated a probe into the matter and law will not spare anyone found involved in it.

Referring to complaints against Congress General Secretary Digvijay Singh for his tweet on Lord Ram in context of former state finance minister Raghavji, Chouhan said the law will take its own course in the matter. 
PTI

------------------
Zee Media Bureau

New Delhi: The Supreme Court on Thursday passed an interim order on regulating the sale of acid at retail outlets in market across the country.
The court banned over-the-counter sale of acid at retail outlets and ordered a compensation of Rs 3 lakh to be paid by the state governments to each acid attack victim.
An apex court bench headed by Justice RM Lodha said an acid attack victim would be paid Rs 1 lakh within 15 days of the incident and the remaining Rs 2 lakh would be given within two months for treatment.
The court issued detailed directions for regulating the sale of acid at retail outlets.
"Over-the-counter sale of acid is completely prohibited unless the seller maintains a log/register recording ... the details of the person(s) to whom acid (s) is/are sold, the quantity sold and shall contain the address of the person to whom it is sold," the court said in an interim order.
The court said that the violation of its directions "shall attract prosecution under the Poisons Act, 1919" and "the SDM shall be vested with the responsibility of fining the violators and initiating prosecution".
The court direction came on a public interest litigation filed by acid attack victim Laxmi seeking the regulation of the sale of acid.
The petitioner also sought provision for treatment and rehabilitation and compensation for acid attack victims.
Directing that no acid would be sold to any person below the age of 18 years, the court said that the seller would declare all the stock available with him to the sub-divisional magistrate (SDM) within 15 days from the date of the notification of the rules by the state governments.
Retail outlets having licence to sell acid will maintain a stock register and failing to do so or possessing unaccounted acid will lead to a fine of Rs 50,000, the court said.
The court said all the states which already have rules to regulate the sale of acid will reinforce them and those who don`t have them will frame them within three months in accordance with the model rules framed by the central government.
The court said the rules should be made stringent as has been spelt out in the model rules framed by the government.
The SC has asked medical and educational institutions requiring acid in bulk to take permission of Sub-Divisional Magistrate before making the purchase.
These institutions will delegate a person accountable for the possession and safe upkeep of acid and "there shall be compulsory checking of students leaving the laboratories where acid is used", the court said.
The judges said their order "shall be translated into vernacular languages and publicised in local newspapers and television channels".
After being slammed by the Supreme Court, the government has framed the model rules to regulate the sale of acid throughout the country through retail outlets.
The model rules framed by the government seek to regulate the grant of licences and also impose restrictions on the people to whom it could be sold.
They also mandate maintenance of proper registers recording the sale of acid and by identifying the buyer to keep track of all sales.
According to the rules, no person, not exempted under the provision of the Poison Act would engage in the sale of or possession of the poison (acid).
They provide for the duration of licence, discretion of licensing authority, termination of licence, disposal of stocks on termination, revocation or cancellation of license, the person or firm whom license could be granted etc.

A licence holder shall not sell any poison to any person, unless the later is personally known to him or identified to his satisfaction by way of identity proof.
(With IANS inputs)

------------------
Chennai: A dispute over a property turned violent in Tamil Nadu Wednesday as a 24-year-old man attacked a woman neighbour and her daughter with acid injuring both of them, said police. The accused has been arrested.

The acid attack comes a day after the central government laid down stringent norms for acid sales.
K. Sundaram attacked Chidambarammal and her young daughter Seetha Wednesday over a dispute involving the boundary wall between their houses in Tirunelveli district, around 650 km from here.

The mother and the daughter have been admitted to hospital while Sundaram has been arrested, police said.
IANS

------------------
New Delhi: A 47-year-old woman was critically injured when four persons allegedly threw acid at her in Punjabi Bagh area of West Delhi, police said on Monday.

"The victim, a resident of Pashchim Vihar area, told us that when she had gone to Punjabi Bagh area for some work, four bike-borne youth threw acid on her. The incident took place at around 7 PM yesterday. She has sustained burn injuries on her right arm and back in the attack," a senior police officer said.

The woman has been admitted to Sanjay Gandhi hospital.
The attackers are known to the victim. They have been identified as Sonu, Monu, Johny and Sanath. Efforts are on to nab them, police said.
PTI

------------------
Muzaffarnagar: An accused in an acid attack case was yesterday placed in detention under the provisions of the National Security Act, police said Friday.
Javed is one of the accused in the April 2 case of an acid attack on four sisters at Kandhla in Shamli district.


The remaining accused, identified as Baber Jung, Javed, Kallu and Ayyub, are already in police custody. 
PTI 

------------------
London: TV presenter and former model Katie Piper, who suffered an acid attack in 2008, says she never thought she would wear a bikini again after the horrific incident. But she has overcome it now.

Piper had undergone more than 40 operations and skin grafts post the attack, but after years spent rebuilding her confidence, Piper has now said she is no longer worried about being "perfect".
A trained beautician, she is keen to help other women feel secure too, by dishing out beauty tips in a new Channel 4 show, called Gok Live: Stripping For Summer, reports thesun.co.uk.
"A few years ago, I never thought I would want to have an intimate relationship or wear a bikini in public again. But I went on holiday to Portugal last month with my boyfriend and I wore the tiniest luminous yellow bikini," said Piper.
"So it is possible for people, no matter what has set them back, to feel good. After I was burned I got a lot of scars from skin grafts. But now I`m nearly 30, all those insecurities don`t bother me," she said.
"I know I cannot change them so I just get on with it. Lots of people have invisible scars you can`t always see, but they still have hang-ups - and they are just as relevant. Even before the attack I used to feel insecure about things - about being short, pear-shaped or smaller up-top. "I still obsess over stupid things sometimes but that`s just being human," she added.
Piper also said that her latest three-part series is all about empowering women and building confidence.
"It is all about empowering women and building confidence and that`s part of my daily working life, with my charity The Katie Piper Foundation. The more we see different body shapes and different faces on TV shows and in magazines, the more we will celebrate our differences," she said.

"I never want to be one of those people who get to their sixties and realise they`ve wasted their life worrying. I know through a really difficult lesson that once something has gone you can never get it back, so you need to make the most of it and appreciate what you have got. I`m looking forward to sharing that with people," she added.
IANS

------------------
Lahore: A newly-wed woman in Pakistan`s Punjab province died of acid burns which were allegedly inflicted by her brother-in-law, police said on Tuesday.

The incident occurred yesterday in Multan district, located 350 km from Lahore.
According to an FIR, Muhammad Din attacked his 23-year-old sister-in-law Shamim Bibi after her cousin spurned his offer of marriage. Shamim forwarded Din`s proposal but her cousin`s family turned it down.
Following a quarrel with Shamim over the issue, Din threw acid on her face and body and fled. She was rushed to Nishtar Hospital in Multan, where she succumbed to her injuries.
Police registered a case against Din on the basis of a complaint from Shamim`s husband Muhammad Yar, though no arrest has been made so far.

Pakistan recently enhanced the punishment for acid attacks, which are common, especially in Punjab province. 
PTI

------------------

We met Sheila Dixit Saturday. She promised us that she would forward our petition to the union Home Minister Sushilkumar Shinde and ask him to take immediate action on our demands," Amar Rathi, Preeti`s father, said. 
Rathi, accompanied by his wife Roshini, delivered the petition to Sheila Dixit at her residence. 
Amar Singh Rathi is supported by a campaign led by acid attack survivors called Stop Acid Attacks. 
Roshini Rathi, Preetis mother said: "We have been running from door to door to get justice for Preeti and sadly the CBI investigation hasnt started yet. I request all decision makers to ensure that my daughter gets justice."
In less than a week`s time, more than 33,000 people signed the petition on change.org seeking justice for Preeti Rathi. 
Today more than 33,300 voices were delivered to the chief minister of Delhi. Its incredible to see how thousands have come to together to support Amar Singh Rathi in putting pressure on R.R. Patil (Maharashtra home minister),  said Tamseel Hussain, a campaigner at Change.org. 
Preeti Rathi was attacked by an unidentified man while she got down from the Garib Rath Express at Bandra Terminus in Mumbai on May 2. 

Preeti had left her home in Delhi for Mumbai as she was supposed to join the Colaba Naval Hospital as a staff nurse. After battling for life for a month, Preeti succumbed to her injuries June 2. 
IANS

------------------
Muzaffarnagar: Police on Saturday chargesheeted four accused in an acid attack case, in which four sisters were seriously injured at Kandhal town in Shamli district.

The accused identified as Babar Jung, Javed, Kallu and Ayyub alias `Badru` have been chargesheeted under various sections of the IPC, Deputy Superintendent of Police, CP Singh said, adding that they have been taken under police custody.
Police arrested Baber Jung, who is also the brother-in-law of the victims, his friend Javed and two others, Kallu and Ayyub hired for Rs 40,000 to do the job.
Kamerjahan (26), Ayisha (25), Esha (23) and Sanam (20), all teachers, were attacked when they were returning from Hindu inter-College in Kandhal town after UP board exam duty on April 2.
Esha, who was later shifted to Sir Ganga Ram Hospital in New Delhi with a badly damaged eye, was discharged on April 12 after a successful surgery which reclaimed her vision.

A local court had earlier rejected their bail petition. 
PTI

------------------
Hyderabad: An eight-year-old girl suffered burn injuries after a man allegedly threw acid on her, while she was begging at Jagatgirigutta area of the city here on Friday, police said.

According to police, the accused Narasimha, was in a drunken state when the incident took place.
When the minor girl, who is dumb, came to Narasimha seeking alms, he threw acid on her, they said.
The girl, who sustained burn injuries on her back and legs in the incident, was taken to a nearby hospital, police said, adding, she was in a stable condition.

Following a complaint lodged by the girl`s relative, Jeedimetla Police took Narasimha into custody and booked a case under section 324 (voluntarily causing hurt by dangerous weapons or means) of IPC. 
PTI

------------------
Lakhimpur: A woman was killed and five members of her family were injured when a youth threw acid on them while they were sleeping in their house in Thakuranpurwa village, police said on Thursday.

Sunita (26), her husband Guddu, son Saurabh (5), two daughters Shikha and Shilpa and her father-in-law Mool Chand were injured when the accused Rajesh threw acid on them in Kheri area on Wednesday, Deputy Superintendent of Police Dinesh Kumar Puri said.
The injured were rushed to hospital from where Sunita was referred to Lucknow, he added.
"Sunita was rushed to a hospital in Lucknow for treatment. However, she could not survive the attack and succumbed to her injuries," the DSP said.
On the complaint of Sunita`s father-in-law Mool Chand, an FIR has been lodged against Rajesh of the same village, said Puri.
"Rajesh had been arrested and was being send to jail," the DSP said.
Rajesh allegedly scaled the terrace of Sunita`s house on the intervening night of June 4 and 5 when she alongwith her family members was sleeping, said Puri.
He then allegedly poured acid on the family members from a container and fled the spot, he added.

The motive behind the attack could not be established, however, reports said Rajesh had some personal enmity with the family.
PTI

------------------
Lahore: A man allegedly attacked his wife, her mother and her two minor sisters with acid after a quarrel in Pakistan`s Punjab province on Wednesday, police said.

The incident occurred in Okara district, 100 km from Lahore, police officials said.
According to an FIR, Muhammad Shahid and Iqra Bibi got married a few months ago but she left him and returned to her parent`s house after developing differences with him.
She also filed a suite in court for dissolution of the marriage.
After failing to convince Iqra to shun differences and return to him, Shahid entered her house at midnight on Tuesday and attacked Iqra, her mother Faizan Bibi and sisters, Nasira, 8, and Mehwish, 5, with acid and fled. 

Iqra and her kin were taken to the District Headquarters Hospital, where doctors described the condition of Iqra and Faizan Bibi as critical.
Police registered a case and conducted raids to trace Shahid. 
PTI 

------------------
 Mumbai: Maharashtra Chief Minister Prithviraj Chavan on Sunday announced an ex-gratia of Rs 2 lakh to the kin of the acid attack victim Preeti Rathi, who succumbed to her wounds.
 Preeti, 23, who had been battling for her life at Bombay Hospital for the last one month after a man threw acid on her, died yesterday.

 An ex-gratia of Rs 2 lakh will be given to the family of the victim. Chief Minister has expressed grief over her demise, a statement from Chavan`s office said.
 Preeti was on ventilator support for two weeks as her right lung had suffered severe damage. She had also developed complications in the upper respiratory system.

 Preeti arrived in the city from Delhi on May 2, accompanied by her father and relatives to join the Colaba Naval Hospital `INS Ashwini` as a staff nurse. As she got off Garib Rath Express at Bandra terminus, an unidentified man threw acid at her and ran away.
PTI

------------------
Mumbai: Maharashtra Governor K Sankaranarayanan on Saturday expressed grief and anguish over the demise of Preeti Rathi, the victim of acid attack.

 The 23-year-old girl, who was battling for her life at Bombay Hospital here for the last one month after a man threw acid on her, succumbed today.
In a condolence message, the Governor said, "The demise of Preeti Rathi, who was assaulted with acid upon her arrival in Mumbai from Delhi a month ago, has filled my heart with a sense of grief and anguish."
"The death has saddened me immensely. I was following the progress of her health right from day one and was quite optimistic about her recovery.
"Preeti had come to the city of Mumbai with a dream. Unfortunately, the dream was shattered. Her death is a blow as much for her near and dear ones as for all the right thinking people.

"I convey my heartfelt condolences to her parents and pray God to give them strength to bear this great personal loss," he said. 
PTI

------------------
Mumbai: Delhi resident Preeti Rathi, who was battling for her life at Bombay Hospital here for the last one month after a man threw acid on her, succumbed on Saturday.

     Preeti (23) was on ventilator support for two weeks as her right lung had suffered severe damage, hospital authorities said. She had also developed complications in the upper respiratory system.

     Preeti arrived in the city on May 2, accompanied by her father and relatives to join the Colaba Naval Hospital `INS Ashwini` as a staff nurse. As she got off Garib Rath Express at Bandra terminus, an unidentified man threw acid at her and ran away.
     Doctors tried their best to heal the burn injuries but the wounds continued to bleed and her kidneys also developed complications, hospital sources said. The doctors were also contemplating grafting of artificial skin but she succumbed today. 
PTI

------------------
Beijing: An 11-year-old student in east China`s Nanjing city was seriously burnt when a 51-year-old man threw acid at him on Thursday, police said.

Police are offering 10,000 yuan (around $1,600) as reward for information leading to the capture of the suspect, identified as Cai Shilin, Xinhua reported.
Cai is suspected to have poured acid on the fourth-grade student from Chalu Primary School, when the boy was on his way to school around 7.40 am.
The child`s face was seriously burnt and he had to be hospitalised. He remains under treatment in the intensive care unit.

Initial investigation indicated that Cai took revenge after he broke up with the boy`s divorced mother.
IANS

------------------
Vadodara: A man injured in acid attack died while undergoing treatment at hospital in Nadiad town on Saturday even as his wife is battling for her life, police said.

The deceased, Mukesh Solanki who belonged to Muvadi village in Kaira district, was an autorickshaw driver.

Mukesh and his wife Daxaben were sleeping outside their house on Thursday night when the accused, identified as Budha Solanki, allegedly flung acid on them, causing serious burn injuries, police said.
Daxaben said in her statement at the hospital that Budha was involved in some dispute with her husband, said P S Gadhvi, sub-inspector of Chaklasi police station.
Budha has been booked under sections 302 (murder) and 307 (attempt to murder) of Indian Penal Code and a search is on to trace him, police said.
PTI

------------------
Mumbai: The condition of Preeti Rathi, the young New Delhi woman targeted in an acid attack May 2 on the day she arrived here to take up a nurse`s job, is deteriorating with the acid eating into her insides, her distraught family said on Thursday.

Acid was flung on Preeti, 25, by some unknown people as she got off from the New Delhi-Mumbai Garib Rath Express at Bandra Terminus on May 2 morning to take up her job as a nurse in the army hospital here.
"She has been put on ventilator as her breathing organs have been damaged. The right lung has collapsed and the left lung is partly functioning," her father Amar Singh Rathi told a news agency.
Bombay Hospital medicos attending to her have said the acid entered her oesophagus, windpipe and trachea and Preeti is now on a lung-support machine.
Rathi said the priority was now to keep her alive and they were praying for her early recovery.
The anguished father last week wrote to Maharashtra Home Minister RR Patil and state Director General of Police Sanjeev Dayal demanding that the probe into the acid attack case on his daughter be taken away from the Government Railway Police (GRP).
"We want it to be handed over to either the state Crime Investigation Department of Central Bureau of Investigation as the GRP are not investigating it properly," Rathi said.
He alleged that the GRP had arrested a wrong person and had yet to track down the real culprit responsible for the brutal attack on his daughter.
The family is presently living in accommodation arranged by the Shiv Sena. The Indian Railways has agreed to foot all her medical expenses.

For the last three weeks, Rathi, his wife, their son and two nephews have been on constant vigil by Preeti`s bedside as she battles for life.
IANS

------------------
Mumbai: Maharashtra Pradesh Congress Committee today asked the state government to bear all expenses of medical treatment of acid attack victims and ensure their rehabilitation.

MPCC spokesman Sachin Sawant told reporters that the party`s doctors cell and Ashok Gupta, president of the Association of Plastic Surgeons, have come together for "save the face" initiative to help victims of acid attacks.
Sawant said a Criminal Injuries Board should be set up so that a register of such cases could be maintained.

Referring to growing incidents of acid attacks, mainly targeted at women, Sawant said steps should be taken to stop easy availability of acid.
The victims should be given physically handicap certificate and rehabilitated, he demanded.
Gupta said the government should allow free plastic surgery of such victims. 
PTI

------------------
New Delhi: Two men have been sentenced to 15 days imprisonment by a Delhi Court 14 years after they threw acid on a shopkeeper and his employees who objected to their bathing in the balcony and letting the water spill onto the floor below.

 Additional Sessions Judge Shail Jain sentenced Old Delhi residents Sudhir Dass and Mathura Dass to simple imprisonment for 15 days after holding them guilty of voluntarily hurting the complainant, Sidharth Santra, and his employees by throwing acid on them.
The court order came on an appeal filed by Sidharth against the order of a magisterial court which had acquitted the accused in the 1998 case.
 Sudhir and Mathura had been booked under section 324 IPC which entails maximum punishment of three years for voluntarily causing hurt by means of acid in pursuance of their common intention.
While setting aside the order of the trial court, the ASJ said, "Considering the fact that the incident had occurred on on?August 8, 1998 and after facing protracted trial of 14 years, both accused were acquitted and the fact that they were on bail during trial, I sentence both the convicts to undergo simple imprisonment for 15 days."
Sidharth had in his appeal told the Sessions court that Sudhir and Mathura used to run a small jewellery shop in Chandni Chowk, old Delhi.
Sidharth was running his business from the second floor of the building in which Sudhir and Mathura were residing at the third floor.
Both the accused and also their employees used to take bath in the balcony of the third floor and let the water fall on the complainant and his employees working on the second floor.
Despite their objections and repeated pleas, the accused and his employees continued their practice of bathing in the balcony while allowing the dirty water to fall.

On August 8, 1998, at about 10:30 AM, Sudhir Dass was taking bath in the balcony. When Sidharth requested him not to do so, Sudhir threatened to throw acid on him. Within minutes, Mathura Dass handed over a bottle of acid to Sudhir, who emptied its content on the complainant and his employees.
PTI

------------------
London: British police say a 15-year-old boy has been charged in connection with an acid attack on a woman in northeast London.

The 28-year-old victim, who police have named only as Tara, suffered injuries to her face and torso when she was attacked after answering the door on April 30.
Scotland Yard said today that the teen is accused of throwing corrosive fluid on a person with the intent to do grievous bodily harm.
The teen, who cannot be named because of his age, is to appear in court tomorrow.

Police said that the victim remains in the hospital, where she is being treated for burns.
PTI

------------------
Aligarh (UP): A married woman was seriously injured when her colleague allegedly threw acid at her in Sarai Miyan locality in the Delhi gate area here, police said on Sunday.

The incident took place yesterday afternoon when the woman aged about 36 was in her home and one Yusuf attacked her with acid and ran away, police said.
The victim`s 10-year-old daughter and an aunt were also injured in the incident, they said.
The victim and the accused are co-workers in a local lock factory here, they said, adding that the injured persons were rushed to the hospital where their condition is stated to be stable.

No arrests have so far been made in the case, police said. 
PTI

------------------
Mumbai: A 24-year-old man hailing from Haryana has been arrested in connection with the acid attack on a Delhi-based young woman earlier in May, police said on Friday.

The accused, Pawan Gahalon, was caught from Rohtak in Haryana on Thursday on the basis of circumstantial evidence and strong suspicion, Government Railway Police Commissioner Prabhat Kumar said. "He was brought to Mumbai and placed under arrest," he said.
Gahalon was produced before a railway court, which remanded him in police custody till May 17, police said.
According to police, the victim Preeti Rathi, who suffered acid attack on May 2, claimed she had spotted Pawan at Delhi railway station minutes before she boarded a train for Mumbai.
A person resembling Pawan was also seen in the CCTV footage here, police said.
However, police are yet to establish if he is the attacker or he gave contract to another person.
Police claimed that Pawan proposed marriage to Preeti, but she refused. This could have led Pawan to throw acid on the girl.
On May 2, Rathi, along with her father Amar Singh (55), her uncle Vinod Kumar Dahiya, and her aunt Sunita, got down from the Delhi-Bandra Garib Rath train at platform number three when she was attacked.

The B Sc graduate had come here to join Armed Medical College`s INS Ashwini Hospital as a nursing lieutenant.
PTI

------------------
Mumbai: The condition of Preeti Rathi, the nursing graduate from New Delhi who became the victim of an acid attack here four days ago, continues to be critical, her father said Sunday.

"She continues to remain in the ICU. There is no improvement in her condition so far," said a worried Amar Singh Rathi, her father, who is camping in Mumbai`s Masina Hospital, Byculla, to take care of his 25-year-old daughter.
Rathi and Preeti had arrived Mumbai last Thursday on their first-ever visit to the "city of dreams", which turned into a nightmare after an unknown youth hurled acid on her face shortly after they deboarded the Garib Rath from New Delhi at Bandra Terminus.
She had come to take up a new job as a nurse lieutenant at the Army Medical Hospital in Colaba, south Mumbai. Now, the family has no clue about her career prospects with the defence establishment, according to Rathi.
"We shall officially approach the army authorities in Mumbai tomorrow (Monday) and present her case. Then it will be for them to decide," Rathi said.
Meanwhile, in a major relief to the family, the Indian Railways have decided to take care of all her medical bills as the incident happened within the railway premises, said Rathi.
Masina Hospital director R.B. Dastur said that Preeti suffered internal burns due to inhalation and consumption of acid, and has completely lost vision in the right eye. The left eye is apparently not affected.
Mumbai police have released sketches of the unidentified attacker based on CCTV footage from Bandra Terminus, but he remains at large four days after the incident.
Police have also questioned Preeti, her father Amar Singh Rathi, his brother Vinod Kumar Singh and his wife Sunita (Vinod Kumar) Singh.
The family has informed the police that the attacker possibly may have boarded the train at Navsari, Gujarat, where they first spotted him.
He got the opportunity at Bandra Terminus when, his face covered, he lunged at Preeti and threw the acid from a plastic bottle on her. Some of the acid fell on Amar Singh, who works as a foreman with an electricity plant, Bhakra Beas Management Board, and two other passengers.
Though many passengers attempted to chase the attacker, he managed to disappear into the crowds.

The Government Railway Police, Bandra, has registered a case pertaining to attempted murder and causing grievous hurt by dangerous means or weapons, and are attempting to trace the culprit.
IANS

------------------
Muzaffarnagar: The main accused in the Muzaffarnagar acid attack case, in which four sisters were severely injured, has been arrested, police said on Monday.

Ayyub Kureshi, who allegedly threw acid on the sisters, was arrested here yesterday and the motorcycle used by him in the attack was also seized, DIG DC Mishra told reporters.
"The main accused, Ayyub Kureshi confessed his crime and accepted that he was hired for throwing acid on them by the brother-in-law of the victims. After receiving an amount of Rs 40,000 from him, Ayyub threw acid on the four women and fled," he said.
However, another accused is still absconding, he said.
Babar Jang, the brother-in-law of the victims along with another person Javed was arrested from Kandhla town ten days after the incident took place. During interrogation, they disclosed that they had hired two persons for the purpose, police said.
The sisters, all teachers, -- Kamerjahan (26), Ayisha (25), Isha (23) and Sanam (20) -- were attacked on April 02 when they were returning from a local college after board examination duty.

Isha, who was shifted to Sir Ganga Ram Hospital in New Delhi with a badly damaged eye, was discharged on April 12 after a successful surgery which reclaimed her vision. 
PTI 

------------------
Namakkal (TN): Suspecting infidelity, a man threw acid on his wife, who suffered serious burn injuries, police said on Thursday.

The incident occurred yesterday after the couple had an heated argument, police said.
The woman, mother of three children, was at her parents` house. Her husband, a painter, went there and threw acid on her, police said.
The 27-year-old victim was admitted to a government hospital, police said, adding her condition was critical.

Police has arrested her husband and cases were registered against him under various sections of IPC, including 307 (attempt to murder). 
PTI 

------------------
New Delhi: The Supreme Court on Tuesday said it will wait for the Centre and the state governments to explore ways to regulate sale of acids for domestic use before it imposes a ban on the chemical, being increasingly used to attack women.

   Expressing displeasure that the matter has been pending for seven years, a bench headed by Justice R M Lodha said the apex court will consider banning sale of acids for domestic consumption if the state and the Central governments do not come out with a scheme.
The bench, also comprising justices Madan B Lokur and Kurian Joseph, was hearing a PIL filed in 2006 by Delhi-based acid attack victim Laxmi, who was then a minor. Her arms, face and other body parts were disfigured in an acid attack.
The court was concerned with the gravity of the offence of acid attacks and the increasing frequency with which they are happening.
"Matter has been pending for seven years," it said.
"Acid attack is a serious offence and is happening quite regularly," the bench said, while posting the matter for further hearing on July 9.
Earlier, on February 6, the court had directed the Centre to convene in six weeks a meeting of Chief Secretaries of all states and Union Territories to hold discussion for enacting a law to regulate the sale of acids and a policy for treatment, compensation and care and rehabilitation of such victims.
The bench had said that for evolving such a policy, the Secretary, Ministry of Chemical and Fertilisers, and secretaries concerned from the states would be involved. 
The Supreme Court had on August 31, 2012 also given the direction to convene such a meeting.
Not satisfied with the steps taken by the Centre to regulate the sale of acid and to curb its use for attacking women, the apex court had made it clear that the policy for the treatment, after care, rehabilitation and compensation to acid attack victims should be comprehensive, concrete and effective.
During the last hearing, Additional Solicitor General Mohan Parasaran had told the court that the Union Home Secretary had written a letter to the Ministry of Chemical and Fertiliser to constitute an expert group to examine whether a legislation can be enacted to ban free sale of acid.
Parasaran had said that on February 3, 2013, the government had issued an ordinance amending the Indian Penal Code and making acid attack a specific offence by introducing section 326(a) and (b).
Laxmi`s counsel Aparna Bhat had, however, invited court`s attention to the Haryana scheme for care and rehabilitation of acid attack victims under which the state government has taken upon itself the entire responsibility for treatment and rehabilitation of acid attack victims.
The petitioner, in her plea, had sought framing of a new law or amendment to the existing criminal laws like IPC, Indian Evidence Act and CrPC for dealing with the offence, besides asking for compensation.

Laxmi was subjected to acid attack by three youths near Tughlaq Road here as she had refused to marry one of them, according to the petition. The trial is going on for the offence of attempt to murder and two of the accused are out on bail.
PTI

------------------
Muzaffarnagar: The police on Friday arrested two persons for their alleged involvement in the Muzaffarnagar acid attack case in which four sisters, all of whom are teachers, were severely injured.

 Babar Jang, the brother-in-law of the victims, was arrested along with one Javed from Kandhla town of the district, Shamli SP Abdul Hameed said in a press conference.
During interrogation, they disclosed that they had hired two persons for the purpose, Hameed said, adding efforts are on to arrest them.
The sisters -- Kamerjahan (26), Ayisha (25), Isha (23) and Sanam (20) -- were attacked on April 2 when they were returning from a local college after board examination duty.

 Isha, who was shifted to Sir Ganga Ram Hospital in New Delhi with a badly damaged eye, was today discharged after a successful surgery which reclaimed her vision. 
PTI

------------------
New Delhi: Doctors at a city hospital have been able to bring substantial improvement in the eyesight of a 26-year-old acid attack victim by performing a unique procedure, hospital authorities said on Friday.

The woman, a school teacher from Uttar Pradesh`s Shamli town, was attacked earlier this month while she was heading home.
She was brought to the Sir Ganga Ram Hospital in the capital the same day and doctors performed amniotic membrane transplantation on her.
"We performed a unique procedure called amniotic membrane transplantation which fortunately has helped to bring a substantial improvement in her eyesight," said AK Grover, chairman of the hospital`s department of opthalmology.
"At the time of admission, she had severe acid burns on face, neck and chest. Besides, her left eye was also severely damaged by acid," Dr Grover said.
Describing the procedure, Grover said: "An amniotic membrane was obtained from one of the prospective donors undergoing Caesarean section who did not have any communicable diseases. After cleaning this membrane with balanced salt solution containing a mix of antibiotics, the membrane was implanted in the victim`s eye."
Doctors said her eyesight will improve further in coming days. Had she not been treated in time, she would have lost her eyesight completely, they added.
The woman was happy after getting back her eyesight and said she was looking forward to resume work soon.
"The society should change its attitude towards women. I pray to god that what happened to me should not happen to anyone. When I came to this hospital, I was very scared and tense that I may not be able to see all my life. It was all so dark," said the victim, who did not wish to be named.
"I will resume my job as soon as I reach Shamli. My students have been praying for my fast recovery. I want to meet them," she said.
The woman was discharged from hospital Friday.
Her elder sister Jahan Aaraa said: "It will take my sister some time to gain confidence. But I am pleased to see her smile and talking."
"We don`t know who the attackers were and have registered a police complaint against unknown people," she added.

Mahesh Mangal, chairman of the plastic surgery department at Sir Ganga Ram Hospital, said the cost of treatment was borne by the hospital. 
IANS

------------------
New Delhi: A city-based private hospital will provide free treatment to a young woman who has suffered severe burn injuries in an acid attack in Uttar Pradesh.

The victim, Isha Khan, was shifted to Sir Ganga Ram Hospital on April 2 night after she suffered severe injuries in her eyes in an acid attack in Muzzaffarnagar on the same day.
Isha and her three sisters, all teachers, suffered injuries when they were attacked by two men on a motorcycle while they were returning after UP board exam duty.
In a statement released today, the hospital said, it will "waive off her full treatment cost incurred during her stay at the hospital" considering that the victim`s family is poor.
The hospital would keep her in observation for a week or so before taking a decision on her discharge, it said.
"Our first priority is to restore her vision and try to bring her back to the main frame of the society," Dr DS Rana of the hospital said.
Explaining the current condition of the victim, Dr A K Grover, Chairman of Department of Opthalmology, said, "When the girl was brought to us she had a severe injury in her eyes...We hope to restore her left eye`s vision in due course of time. Right eye is essentially normal."

Dr Mahesh Mangal, Chairman, Department of Plastic Surgery said that the patient was responding well to the treatment and doctors were accessing the depth of the wounds on the face, neck and chest. 
PTI

------------------
Muzaffarnagar: Four sisters were seriously injured when two unidentified men on a motorcycle threw acid on them in Uttar Pradesh`s Shamli district, police said today.

The victims, all teachers, were returning from Hindu Inter-college in Kandhal after UP board exam duty yesterday when the men attacked them, they said.

Kamerjahan (26), Ayisha (25), Esha (23) and Sanam (20) were rushed to a hospital in a serious condition, they said. Later, three of of them were referred to a Delhi hospital.
A case has been registered against the two men, they said, adding that probe in the case is on. 
PTI

------------------
Visakhapatnam: An 18-year-old girl escaped with minor injuries after her boyfriend allegedly poured a chemical, suspected to be acid, on her after she refused his sexual advances.

 Though the incident took place at an isolated spot under Bheemunipatnam police station area on Saturday night, it came to light today morning after she lodged a police complaint.
 P Ganesh, a first year BTech student and a girl, a native of Narasanapeta area in Srikakulam district had eloped from their homes to get married against their parent`s wishes and reached Bheemunipatnam area in the city on Saturday evening, police said.
 The girl told the police that her boyfriend Ganesh had attempted to rape her at a lonely spot in Bheemunipatnam last night, after she refused his sexual advances.
 When she tried to escape, Ganesh allegedly threw a chemical suspected to be acid on her.
 The injured girl was rescued by toddy tappers in the area and sheltered at a house last night, after which she informed the matter to her parents and lodged a police complaint against Ganesh today.
 A team has been formed to trace the accused, while the girl was shifted to the King George Hospital for medical tests and treatment.

 The police said that Ganesh wanted to rape the girl and came prepared with a bottle of a chemical, suspected to be acid.
PTI

------------------
Lahore: A 35-year-old Pakistani woman was attacked with acid by an unidentified man near a Sufi shrine here, police said on Tuesday.


According to police officials, Naziran Bibi was passing by the shrine in the thickly populated Mozang area yesterday when the man threw acid at her and escaped.
The acid burnt Naziran`s face and chest. Local residents took her to Sir Ganga Ram Hospital where the doctors described her condition as "very critical". Police launched a search for the attacker.
Despite a new law that imposes strict punishment for acid attacks, such assaults against women have been reported from across the country.
PTI

------------------
    New Delhi: The proposed bill which seeks to hand down stringent punishment for crimes against women, including rape and acid attack, and lower the age of consent for sex to 16, is set to face hurdles in the all-party meeting convened by the government on Monday.
    Samajwadi Party, which extends outside support to UPA, has openly come out against the provisions relating to stalking and lowering of consent age from 18 to 16 years.

    Main opposition BJP wants the bill to be passed at the earliest. But, it has objections to lowering of age of consent which was 18 in the ordinance issued last month.
    Rubbishing the anti-rape bill, Samajwadi Party leader Ram Gopal Yadav has said the party will oppose its proposals in Parliament and at the all-party meeting.
    "We are opposed to the Bill. It has been framed on the recommendations of some mentally-retarded people," he said.
    He was asked about the SP`s stand on the anti-rape law, which has been cleared by the Cabinet and states that the age of consent be reduced to 16 from 18 years.
    BJP has said it favours a strong anti-rape law but has certain reservations on some of the clauses in the Bill cleared by the Cabinet and will voice them in the all-party meeting.
    "BJP agrees with most issues stated in the Bill and would like it to be passed. But some sections in the party have reservations on decreasing the age of consent from 18 to 16 years. We will take a final call on these issues after discussing it in the party," a senior BJP leader said.

    Party sources said decreasing the age of consent is uncalled for as the minimum age for marriage is 18 years. 
PTI

------------------
Raigarh: Four minor dalit sisters received serious burn injuries when an unidentified youth allegedly threw acid on them in the district here, police said on Sunday.

 A youth has been detained in connection with the incident.
"Four sisters aged between 4-16 years suffered burn injuries when an unidentified youth threw acid on them yesterday night at Kotmara village, 25 kms from Raigarh district headquarters, in Pusour area," Praphull Thakur, Additional Superintendent of Police said.
 "They were admitted to Raigarh Metro Hospital. Three of them were stated to be out of danger," he said. The condition of the fourth girl was still critical.
    The incident took place when the girls were returning from a religious discourse at night. The assailant had covered his face with a scarf.

     Before the other people in the vicinity could react, he managed to escape.
 Thakur said some old enmity could be the reason, and a youth had been taken into custody on suspicion and was being interrogated. 
PTI

------------------
Chennai: Against the backdrop of acid attacks that claimed the lives of two young women, Tamil Nadu Government today said it will take steps to control and regulate sale of the chemical.

"A Bill (in this regard) will be moved during the coming Budget session of the state Assembly and adopted," Chief Minister J Jayalalithaa said in a statement here.
Condoling the death of a 20 year-old city woman, who on February 24 succumbed to burns sustained in an acid attack by a man last month, she announced a relief of Rs two lakh from the Chief Minister`s General Relief Fund to the family of the deceased.
The death of two victims of acid attacks in the past fortnight has triggered calls for checking easy availability of acid with even the Madras High Court moved for a ban on over-the-counter sale. The court yesterday issued notice to the Central and state governments.

On February 12, a 23-year-old software engineer died at a hospital here after battling severe burns she suffered in an acid attack at a bus terminus in Karaikal near Nagapattinam on November 14 by a construction worker, whose overtures she had rejected. 
PTI 

------------------
Chennai: The Madras High Court on Monday ordered issue of notice to the Centre and the Tamil Nadu Government on a petition seeking ban on the sale of unlicensed over-the-counter acid with immediate-effect.
Justice N Kirubakaran ordered the notice and posted for February 27 the petition filed in the backdrop of recent death of two young women victims of acid attacks here.

 Shanthi, state co-ordinator of Erode-based Citizens For Human Rights Movement, in her petition referred to the death of one of the acid-attack victims Vinodini and contended that the social uprising was being ignored by government authorities.
 She said that as a social-activist she was astounded and baffled by the culpable failure of the authorities to enforce the Explosives Act and allowed over-the-counter sale of acid.
 Contending that `acids` which fell within the meaning of `explosives` were easily available as toilet-cleaners and for automobile batteries, the petitioners said they are being misused to attack women.

 She further prayed for a direction to seek enforcement of the Explosives Act by banning unlicensed over-the-counter acid sale with immediate-effect and a direction to prosecute acid-vendors in acid attack cases being prosecuted by the authorities. 
PTI

------------------
Mumbai: A 27-year-old man was arrested for allegedly throwing acid on his uncle`s face and assaulting him with an axe, police said on Sunday.

 The accused - Sarabjit Singh - stayed with his uncle Rajinder Singh (49) in suburban Andheri of Mumbai.
 Rajinder ran a food joint, while Sarabjit was unemployed, police said.
 Sarabjit attacked Rajinder yesterday at around 8 PM, as he thought that the latter would usurp the food joint property without giving him any share.
 "Sarabjit threw acid on the face of Rajinder and also assaulted him with an axe," a police officer said.
 Rajinder was taken to Seven Hills hospital where he is undergoing treatment.
 "We are trying to find out if there were any property disputes between the accused and victim. Further investigations are on," the official said.

 Sarabjit has been booked for attempt to murder.
PTI

------------------
Bijnor: Irked over his fiancee`s engagement to some other man, a youth first threw acid on her and later allegedly committed suicide in Nai Basti area, police said here.

 The girl Shalini and the youth Naveen got engaged in May last year. Both of them used to work together at a mobile centre, they said.
 However, the girl`s mother later changed her mind and Shalini was engaged to another youth.
Agitated with this, Naveen reached her house last evening and threw acid on her face and feet, before allegedly consuming poison.
 The family members of the girl rushed them to the district hospital from where they were referred to Meerut, but Naveen died on the way.
 At the district hospital, Naveen told police that the youth to whom Shalini was re-engaged was present at her house at that time and he made Naveen drink a soft drink containing poison.

 Deputy Superintendent of Police Rajesh Kumar said the matter was being investigated.
PTI

------------------
Bijnor: Irked over his fiancee`s engagement to some other man, a youth first threw acid on her and later allegedly committed suicide in Nai Basti area, police said here.

The girl Shalini and the youth Naveen got engaged in May last year. Both of them used to work together at a mobile centre, they said.
However, the girl`s mother later changed her mind and Shalini was engaged to another youth.
Agitated with this, Naveen reached her house last evening and threw acid on her face and feet, before allegedly consuming poison.
The family members of the girl rushed them to the district hospital from where they were referred to Meerut, but Naveen died on the way.
At the district hospital, Naveen told police that the youth to whom Shalini was re-engaged was present at her house at that time and he made Naveen drink a soft drink containing poison.

Deputy Superintendent of Police Rajesh Kumar said the matter was being investigated. 
PTI

------------------
Chennai: Battling for life for almost three months after a gruesome acid attack that left her blind, a 23-year-old woman died at a private hospital here Tuesday.

Vinodhini, a B.Tech graduate working in a private firm, had gone home for Diwali celebrations when she faced an acid attack at a bus terminus at Karaikal on November 14 by a construction worker whose overtures she rejected.
She was first rushed to a private hospital in Karaikal from where she was shifted to JIPMER (Jawharlal Post Graduate Institute of Medical Sciences) in Puducherry. She was then referred to a government hospital here and a private hospital for specialised treatment, where she breathed her last.
A visibly upset Vinodhini`s father, Jayapal, a watchman in a private school in Karaikal, said "He (the accused) should undergo the same pain which my daughter suffered. Acid should be thrown at him."
Vinodhini had received financial help from various quarters, including Rs three lakh from the Prime Minister`s Relief Fund and Rs two lakh from the Puducherry government and from the public in India and abroad, family sources said.

The accused Suresh has already been arrested. 
PTI

------------------
Faridabad: Two girl students of a local school sustained burn injuries after an unidentified person allegedly threw acid over them, police said.

 The incident took place this afternoon when the girls, studying in class X of Karmabhumi school, were on their way back home after school hours, ACP, Saran police station, Dalveer Singh said.

 The locals rushed them to a nearby hospital where they were admitted in a serious condition, Singh said.
 A case has been registered in this regard besides a hunt launched to nab the culprit, the ACP added.
PTI

------------------
Lahore: A Pakistani court has sentenced a man to 14 years in prison for attacking his wife and two other women with acid.

 An anti-terrorism court in Lahore yesterday convicted Irfan Younas for the attack on his wife Rehmana Liaqat, a nurse at Mayo Hospital.
Two other nurses were injured when they tried to stop Younas during the attack in August last year.
 Liaqat told the judge that her husband entered the hospital`s emergency ward and began quarrelling with her for not responding to his phone calls.
"Before I could speak in my defence, he threw acid on me. The two nurses sustained burns when they tried to save me," she said.

 The court also directed Younas to pay a fine of Rs 3.3 million, failing which he will have to serve more time in prison. 
PTI

------------------
New Delhi: The National Commission for Women (NCW) wants separate clauses on acid attacks and stalking of women in the the Indian Penal Code and stringent punishment for the crimes.

The commission sought the changes in the penal provisions in its recommendation to the Justice J.S. Verma Committee constituted to review laws on crimes against women following the Dec 16, 2012, gang-rape in Delhi, NCW sources said.
The women`s panel also recommended amendments to the NCW Act, 1990, to make it strong, independent and more effective.
It recommended adding new sections to the penal code making stalking of women a crime and inclusion of a separate clause for acid attack with minimum imprisonment of 10 years.
A provision should be made for to make throwing or using of acid in any form on the body of other persons a crime with a punishment of not less than 10 years, the sources said.
They said the commission had been regularly recommending amendments to criminal and other laws to make them more effective for protection of women and their rights. 
It recommended amendments to laws relating to rape and proposed a scheme for relief and rehabilitation of rape victims.
Under the scheme, the NCW proposed that victims of rape should be provided an interim assistance of Rs.20,000 preferably within two-three weeks.

The assistance may be increased to Rs.3 lakh in cases involving minor girls, mentally challenged or handicapped women, HIV/AIDS affected women or those who get pregnant because of rape.
IANS

------------------
New Delhi: A 20-year-old man was arrested for throwing acid on a woman, police said on Sunday. The woman received some injuries on her lower body.

"The incident occurred Jan 8 morning at Rama Park in west Delhi when Israr forcibly entered the women`s house and tried to molest her. When the woman raised an alarm, he threw the acid at her," said a senior police officer.
The acid, however, fell on her lower body parts after which she fell unconscious.
The neighbours took her to a hospital in west Delhi from where she was later shifted to Safdarjung hospital in south Delhi.
"After her statement was recorded, police arrested the accused from his house Saturday," police officer said.

The accused reportedly revealed during interrogation that the woman had been ignoring his advances due to which he wanted to seek revenge on her, police said.
IANS

------------------
Srinagar: The commercial hub of Lal Chowk and adjoining areas on Friday observed a two-hour shutdown against the acid attack on a woman here earlier this week.

 All the shops and other commercial establishments in Lal Chowk and surrounding areas downed their shutters from noon as a mark of protest against the acid attack on the 30-year-old woman in Parraypora area of the city on Wednesday.
A jilted lover poured the acid on the face of the woman, who was returning home from a coaching centre where she used to teach. The youth, Reyaz Ahmad Nath, who had been harassing the girl for last three years, and his accomplice Mudassir Ahmad have been arrested.
 Meanwhile, Mudasir has told police that he was not aware about Nath`s intention to attack the girl with acid and has decided to turn approver in the case.

A senior police officer said Mudasir turning a prosecution witness will help in the case against the accused. 
PTI

------------------
Srinagar: The 30-year-old school teacher, who was attacked with acid by a youth in the city, will be flying to New Delhi on Friday for plastic surgery at Indraprastha Apollo Hospital.

 PDP spokesperson and cancer surgeon Sameer Kaul has come forward to fund the medical expenses of the school teacher, who was attacked yesterday in the city`s posh locality on Srinagar airport road.
 This was communicated to the victim and her family by PDP president Mehbooba Mufti when she visited the woman at SMHS hospital here today.
 All expenses for the treatment of the woman would be met by Dr Kaul who is also a senior surgeon at Appollo Hospital, the party said.

 The youth who had attacked the woman has been arrested.
 PTI

------------------
Srinagar: Leaders across the political parties in Jammu and Kashmir on Thursday condemned the acid attack on a woman in the city, terming it "anti-human" and "moral degradation" and demanded harshest punishment for the accused involved in the case.

State secretary of CPI(M) MY Tarigami said the incident should be taken as a wake-up call for the government and the society.
"This incident should not be taken in isolation but it reflects the state of crime against women in Kashmir. The police should not take this case causally but instead complete the investigations without delay," Tarigami said in a statement here.
Tarigami said the guilty deserve harshest punishment so that it acts as a deterrent for any such incidents in future and demanded a speedy trial into the case.
Chairman of Hardline faction of Hurriyat, Syed Ali Shah Geelani expressed grief and concern over the attack, terming it "anti-human" and "immoral".
Demanding strictest punishment to the guilty, Geelani said such incidents have no place in the society as it is an attack on humanity.
JKLF chairman Yasin Malik also condemned the incident, saying the attack has exhibited the moral degradation in the society.
A 30-year-old school teacher suffered injuries when she was attacked with acid by a youth in the city`s posh locality on Srinagar airport road yesterday.
The youth identified as Riyaz Ahmad was later arrested by the police.
The woman was admitted to SMHS hospital here and her condition is said to be stable.
Meanwhile, the Jammu and Kashmir High Court Bar Association today decided not to provide legal aid to the youth, arrested in connection with the incident.
"The Bar Association has decided that the accused person will not be provided any legal aid," a statement of the association said after a meeting of the Executive Committee here.

The association said all the legal aid will be provided to the victim so that the real culprits are punished in accordance with law. 
PTI 

------------------
Muzaffarnagar: A nurse and a teacher were seriously injured when a youth threw acid on them at Aryapuri locality here, police said Monday.
Usha Sharma (35), a nurse, and Bobby (45), a teacher, were returning home in a rickshaw when the youth threw acid on Usha yesterday. They were rushed to hospital in a serious condition.


The accused Pawan Kumar has been arrested.
According to police, Usha, who is married, and Pawan were involved in a relationship. However, Pawan was planning to get married to another girl which had upset Usha. 
PTI 

------------------
Mumbai: Taking serious cognisance of rising cases of rape and acid attacks, the Maharashtra government is planning to bear their expenses for medical and legal aid, counselling and rehabilitation.

Under the `Peedit Mahila Navjeevan Yojana`, the government plans to provide financial assistance of Rs two lakh to the victims to fight their case to seek justice and also rehabilitation.
The women and child welfare department has prepared the proposal for approval by the Cabinet.
As soon as the case of attack is reported, Rs 20,000 financial aid would be provided. For legal and medical aid, Rs 50,000 would be given. Later, for the victim`s rehabilitation Rs 1.30 lakh would be provided, department officials told PTI.
"The entire amount will be deposited in the victim`s bank account in a phased manner," sources added.
The proposal prepared by the department has been forwarded to the finance ministry for approval. "It is expected to be taken up for discussion in the next Cabinet meeting," the sources said.
 For disbursal of the funds, a board will be set up in all districts which will be headed by the collector. Similarly, a state rehabilitation board will be set up headed by the women and child welfare secretary as its chairperson to monitor the scheme.
In 2011, 1,701 cases of rape and acid attacks were reported in the state while in 2012 till September, 1,415 such cases have come to light, sources informed.

"For domestic violence and abuse victims, there are welfare schemes of the government. But, this kind of violence demoralises women. Efforts are needed to instill confidence in them," sources added. 
PTI

------------------
Washington: A Bangladeshi woman, who was blinded in an acid attack after she divorced her husband over his violent and unfaithful nature, said she has been forced to remarry him. 

Nurbanu, the 36-year-old from Shatkhira in south west Bangladesh, had divorced partner eight days before the attack, after living 18 years together. 
My husband went into hiding. After 10 months he was caught and jailed for a year, she said. 
According to the Huffington Post, now, she is back at home with him. 
"His mother paid for his release on bail," she said, adding: "She made me sign an affidavit to have him released. She used my sons to convince me to marry him again. 
"He threatened me and beat me a few nights back," she said.
Monira Rahman, the CEO of the acid survivors association in Bangladesh, blogging for The Huffington Post UK said that it`s time to stop women like Nurbanu suffering. 
"Having worked with survivors of acid and petrol attacks in Bangladesh for the past 14 years, I know that violence is a major obstacle for womens ability to access their rights, marking the international day for the elimination of violence against women, she wrote. 

"Until women have real equality, they will continue to not only suffer the most from poverty but also be subjected to violence," she added. 
ANI

------------------
Aurangabad: Two persons, including a jeweller, suffered burn injuries after two thieves threw acid at his shop before looting a gold ring and cash under Town police station area in Bihar`s Aurangabad district, police said on Sunday.
The thieves visited the jewellary shop last evening and hurled acid on the jeweller Raju Kumar and another person upon being asked to make payment for ornaments purchased by them.

The duo escaped with a gold ring and Rs 5000.

One thief was arrested. 
PTI 

------------------
New Delhi: A 60-year-old man has been sentenced to four years in jail by a Delhi court for trying to kill a taxi driver by throwing acid on his face.

District Judge O P Gupta awarded the jail term to West Delhi resident Om Prakash, saying the punishment must have a deterrent effect.
"The punishment must be such which has a deterrent effect. Keeping in view the facts and circumstances of the case, I feel the sentence of rigorous imprisonment for four years would meet the ends of justice," the judge said while also imposing a fine of Rs 3,000.
The maximum punishment under the Indian Penal Code for a murder bid is life imprisonment.
Om Prakash, convicted for trying to kill taxi driver Karan Kumar, had sought leniency saying the offence was committed in the spur of the moment and there was no pre-planning.
Kumar had deposed that Om Prakash had thrown acid on his face for washing his taxi in front of his stationary shop on February 28 morning last year.
Prakash had objected to washing of the vehicle in front of his shop and when Kumar did not heed to his objections, the accused brought a mug of acid from his shop and threw it at the victim, the prosecution had said.
By the time Kumar`s neighbours reached the scene of crime on his cries for help, Om Prakash had fled from there.
Kumar received burns on his face, shoulders and chest and was taken to the hospital.

Om Prakash had argued he was falsely implicated in the case as he did not have cordial relations with Kumar, but the court rejected his contention.
PTI

------------------
     Ranchi: Jharkhand Chief Minister Arjun Munda on Saturday handed over a cheque for Rs 1.5 lakh to a student, Rahul Kumar who suffered injuries after some miscreants threw acid on his face.

     The money was sponsored by Jharkhand Chamber of Commerce, according to an official release here.
     Lauding the Chamber for footing its financial support in the treatment of the injured charted account student, Munda expressed optimism that the student would recover fully and complete his studies.
     Kumar, who hails from Bijupara in Ranchi district, was attacked by some persons with acid some time back, and is being treated at a local hospital here.

     Stating that such incidents should not happen in the 21st century, the chief minister assured funds from CMs Relief Fund to him. 
PTI

------------------
Kanpur: A woman allegedly threw acid on her mother`s face following a family dispute in Chakeri area here, police said on Saturday.

The incident occurred yesterday when the two entered into a dispute over some property related matter after which the accused, in a fit of rage, threw acid on her mother`s face, they said.
The victim, who suffered serious burn injuries, has been admitted to a private hospital here.

The accused, who was later detained for questioning, appeared to be in an unstable state of mind during interrogation, DIG Amitabh Yash said, adding that she has been sent for medical examination.
No case has been registered and further investigation into the matter is on, he said. 
PTI 

------------------
New York: In a chilling incident, a wheelchair-bound father in the US doused his daughter with acid that caused the skin to peel from her face as she stormed out in the streets pleading for help in smoking clothes.

The man who claimed his daughter had been abusing him splashed her with acid, cops and witnesses said.
Neighbours in East New York looked on in disbelief as Darlene Lynch, 49, sprinted from apartment with her skin and clothes smoking.
Sources said Jerome Lynch, 69, splashed daughter with a drain cleaner on Saturday.
"My father did this!" Darlene wailed as her clothes disintegrated off of her body, leaving her nearly naked in the street.
"You could see the smoke coming off her body," Clarissa Shakespeare, a neighbour was quoted by the New York Daily News as saying.
"Everyone was just traumatised and scared. Her skin looked like melting wax. And then her whole eye lid was melted. The whole left side from her face all the way down to her feet," she said.
Sources said the victim`s dad, splashed his daughter with a drain cleaner, El Diablo, which is 98 per cent sulfuric acid.
"She was hollering," said another witness Lisa Jones, "I heard the screaming and I just saw her there peeling. One side was peeled off and everyone took her clothes off and was pouring water on her."
One neighbour covered her in a sheet.
She was rushed to New York Presbyterian Hospital, where she was placed in a burn unit. She was expected to survive.
After the woman was taken to the hospital, cops cuffed the father to his wheelchair and pushed him out of the first-floor apartment.
The elderly man was taken to a nearby police station, where he was charged with felony assault.
Jerome, who has trouble speaking since a stroke two years ago, admitted to the attack in a note he wrote to cops, sources said.

"He said she had been abusing him," a source said.
It was not immediately clear how Jerome Lynch claimed he had been abused, but relatives said he`s become delusional in recent years.
PTI

------------------
Kathmandu: A teenager on Wednesday attacked villagers with acid and injured 17 of them over a road expansion dispute in Nepal`s Kavre district.

19-year-old Suresh Bajagain of Bayarbot village, located some 75-km east of Kathmandu, splashed the locals with acid during a meeting, which discussed expansion of a road in the area, turned violent, police said.

Two of the injured are in a critical condition, district police chief Surendra Prasad Mainali said, adding the teenaged boy has been taken into custody. 
PTI 

------------------
Ranchi: A woman suffered acid attack after she spurned two young men`s advances in Jharkhand`s Jamtara district, say local media reports.

The 24-year-old married woman (name withheld) suffered burns Sunday when the two young men threw acid on her face and body. The attack took place at Bagdehari village of Jamtara district, around 350 km from Ranchi, when she had gone to ease herself by a pond in the village.
The duo allegedly caught her and asked her to have sex with them. When she refused, they threw acid on her.
The woman was visiting her parents in the village. Based on her statement, two men - Khokhan and Swapan - have been named as the attackers.
According to the woman`s family members, the duo had been trying to have sex with her before she got married. 
In a similar incident, a girl was attacked with acid in Dhanbad.

A few days ago in Ranchi, a handwritten poster had threatened girls wearing jeans with acid attacks.
IANS

------------------
Ranchi: Posters put by an outfit in the Jharkhand capital have threatened acid attacks on girls and women who wear jeans or do not wear a dupatta. The police said it could be a case of mischief.

The handwritten posters, put up by Jharkhand Mukti Sangh at several points in the city, including St Xavier`s College and Albert Ekka roundabout, read: "From 20/8/2012 (August 20), jeans have been banned for girls. Any girl will be found wearing jeans and moving without dupatta will be attacked with acid."

The poster also warns against displacing people for industrialisation. "Companies involved in land acquisition will be attacked," it said.
"We have heard about about this outfit for the first time. This can be a case of mischief. We are trying to trace the people involved," a police officer said.
IANS

------------------
Mumbai: Four more persons were arrested in connection with last month`s acid attack on a real estate agent here that left him blind, taking the total number of arrests in the case to six, police said.

A manhunt has been launched to nab the main culprit, a builder by profession, they said.
The four accused identified as Balchandra Swamy (30), Sandeep More (25), Vikas Gidde (26) and Vikas Shrivastav (25) were arrested today from the city, police said adding that their employer Mahesh Pongurlekar, owner of P M Developers, was still absconding.
Yesterday, cops had arrested Manohar Patel and Mukesh Rikame in this case. All the accused were today produced before a local court, which remanded them in police custody till July 21, police said.
The victim, Goregaon resident and real estate agent Doodhnath Verma (50), was kidnapped, robbed, assaulted and left in a forest near Mira Road on June 18 after they allegedly poured acid into his eyes.
The cause for the abduction was a dispute related to the development of a property in Kanyapada area of Goregaon. The victim was creating trouble for the developer, who had decided to kidnap Verma and teach him a lesson, police said.

The case was registered at the Kashimira police station in neighbouring Thane district, and later transferred to Vanrai police in the city.
 "The six abducted the victim from suburban Goregaon as per the instructions of Pongurlekar," said an officer at the police station.
PTI

------------------
Zeenews Bureau

Dhanbad: An appalling story of a 27-year-old girl named Sonali Mukherjee, who was severely injured in an acid attack nine years back has come to light.
The dreadful night of April 22, 2003 completely ruined her life. The three assailants, who were reported to be her neighbours had barged into her house and poured acid on her face while she was asleep. 
Sonali had alleged that the assailants used to repeatedly tease and harass her and when she opposed them they attacked her with the acid, which left her blind and partially deaf.
With no help from government, Sonali now wants to die and has demanded euthanasia as she cannot afford her medical costs.
Sonali, whose face was completely disfigured after the attack, needs atleast 12-15 lakhs for medical treatment, which her family cant afford. Nine years of medical treatment has left her family with no money.
The 27-year-old, who is shuttling between Jharkhand and the national capital, approached Minister for Women and Child Development Krishna Tirath for monetary relief, who further has requested help from the Prime Ministers Relief Fund. 
Sonali has been pleading for help from various chief ministers during the nine year period, but no help was provided to her.

Meanwhile, her attackers Tapas Mitra, Sanjay Paswan and Brahmadev Hajra are out in open.
Mitra and Paswan were sentenced to three years in jail and now are out on bail while Hajra was let off for being juvenile.

------------------
Lahore: Two women suffered serious injuries when two men stormed into their house and threw acid on them in this eastern Pakistani city, officials said on Friday.

The state-run Rescue 1122 service responded to an emergency call and took Zahida (39) and Shamim (41) to Mayo Hospital after they were attacked in their residence in Ichhra area yesterday.
They sustained burns on chest and arms, officials said.
Shamim told police that their neighbour Muhammad Amir and his accomplice entered their home and threw acid on them following a minor dispute.
Ichhra police station chief Ahsan Ashraf, however, said the women were engaged in a dispute with Amir and wanted to settle a score.
He said both sides had lodged a few cases against each other in the past.
Ashraf said a case would be registered only after receiving medical reports which established that the women had suffered acid burns.

According to police records, as many as nine women have been victims of acid attacks in different parts Lahore in the first six months of this year. One of the women died. 
PTI

------------------
New Delhi: A man, who had thrown acid on a girl`s face after she had turned down his advances three years ago, has been held guilty of causing grievous injuries to her by a Delhi court.

Additional Chief Metropolitan Magistrate (ACMM) Manish Yaduvanshi convicted Sudesh, who had thrown acid on the face of a girl when she was going to her office in Vasant Kunj, on the ground that his previous conduct of stalking the victim "evokes suspicion".
"His (accused) previous conduct evokes suspicion. He had crossed the victim at the spot of occurrence. Immediately thereafter, the victim felt burning sensation.
"The chain of the events leave no room for doubt that the accused had thrown sulphuric acid, as indicated in the medical report, upon the victim thereby causing grievous injuries upon her," the court said.
The court is likely to pronounce its order on quantum of sentence next week. Sudesh was convicted for causing grievous hurt which entails life term as maximum punishment.
According to the prosecution, the incident took place in July 2009 when the victim, a resident of Paharganj, was going to her office and suddenly Sudesh crossed her and threw acid on her face.
The girl felt burning sensation and started screaming and when she turned around, Sudesh had ran away from the spot, the police said.
The prosecution said that the victim received grievous injuries and was taken to nearby hospital where she undergone surgeries.
The girl told the court that the accused used to reside in same area where she was living and prior to this incident, Sudesh used to follow her several times. She said that Sudesh had told her that he liked her and she had "blatantly" refused his proposal.

The man, however, denied his involvement in the case and said he was implicated due to enmity between the two families. 
PTI

------------------
Karachi: An acid attack survivor, whose harrowing story inspired Oscar award winning documentary by Sharmeen Obaid Chinoy, has filed a case against the documentary filmmaker for not paying her compensation and other benefits.

Rukhsana, who hails from Muzaffargarh, filed the case against Chinoy in the Multan sessions court in which she has claimed that the filmmaker had offered her compensation and benefits which motivated her to appear in the film `Saving Face`, but once the documentary was released, the director did not fulfil her commitment.
She has alleged that Chinoy promised her a house, Rs 30 lakh and plastic surgery in compensation for her role in the film.
Rukhsana also claimed to have been thrown out of her house for working in the movie and is forced to live a nomadic life with her children.
Chinoy, however, denies all the allegations and tweeted that she had never promised anything to Rukhasana.
Chinoy said she never promised any favour or compensation to Rukhsana and that a donor, who saw the documentary, offered Rukhsana a house and she even went around looking for houses. However, her family did not let her accept one.
The filmmaker said that the donor was very clear that they did not want to give her cash in place of a house as they felt it may be dangerous for her as she is even more vulnerable to being exploited by her husband who committed the crime in the first place.
Her husband and family however, insisted she take money instead.
According to Chinoy`s tweets, the plastic surgeon involved in the film Dr Mohammad Jawwad came to Pakistan to perform surgeries on Rukhsana and Zakia - the latter being the primary subject of the movie. 
While Zakia agreed to the surgery and was operated upon, Rukhsana turned down the offer.
The Karachi-based filmmaker also said that Acid Survivors Foundation (ASF) and Rukhsana unanimously filed a civil suit to stop airing the movie in Pakistan for the safety of victims.
Although it was made clear initially that the documentary will be aired in Pakistan, Chinoy said she obliged "because women`s safety is paramount" to her.

Chinoy became the first Pakistani filmmaker to win an Oscar award in any category this year. 
PTI 

------------------
Bijnor: A jilted lover allegedly threw acid on the would be husband of his love interest, injuring him and two children in Ratanpur village of Seohara area here, police said Monday.

The incident took place yesterday when one Rajaram threw acid on Arvind Kumar in the latter`s marriage procession, circle officer Harendra Yadav said.
Besides Kumar, two children Aditya (14) and Nakul (11) were injured in the attack.
The injured were rushed to the hospital, where doctors said that Kumar had lost eyesight in his right eye besides sustaining 40 per cent burn injuries.
The accused was handed over to the police after the witnesses beat him up following the incident. The marriage could not be solemnised.

According to police, Rajaram loved the bride and had warned Arvind against marrying her. 
PTI

------------------
Lahore: Acid attacks on women are on the rise in Pakistan`s Punjab province despite the introduction of a new law to prevent such incidents, with two more women suffering severe injuries when acid was thrown on them in Faisalabad city.

Azra Miraj was on her way home with her seven-year-old daughter Noor Fatima, when two men on a motorcycle threw acid on them yesterday in Faisalabad, 100 km from Lahore.
The attackers fled after the crime. The acid burnt part of Miraj`s face and arm while her daughter suffered burns on her leg. Both were taken to the Allied Hospital, where doctors described their condition as stable.
They said Miraj could lose her eyesight.
At least four women in Lahore and Gujranwala districts have been attacked with acid in recent days.
The assailants are yet to be identified and police have not made any arrests.
Under a new law passed last year, persons convicted of acid attacks face a tougher sentence of between 14 years and life imprisonment.

However, most acid attacks are not reported to police and the attackers get off without punishment, rights groups say. 
PTI 

------------------
Ghazipur (UP): A man was killed and his wife
seriously injured in an acid attack by some unidentified
persons here, police said on Sunday.
The incident took place when the miscreants threw acid on
the victims Mahesh (35) and Sayogita (30) while they were
sleeping on the terrace of their house in Khojapur village
last night, they said.
While Mahesh died on the way to hospital, Sayogita has
been referred to Varanasi in a serious condition, police said,
adding that the motive behind the attack is yet to be known
and further probe into the matter is on.
PTI

------------------
Islamabad: Barely a month after Pakistan bagged its first Oscar for a documentary on victims of acid attacks, the country`s most famous face of one such assault ended her 13-year ordeal by jumping out of her sixth-floor apartment in Italy.

Fakhra Yunus was 22 when her husband Bilal Khar, a member of the politically strong Khar family of Punjab, marred her life by allegedly throwing acid on her face just three years after their marriage.
Bilal Khar, a former provincial legislator, is a cousin of Foreign Minister Hina Rabbani Khar.
Following the intervention of Pakistani writer and activist Tehmina Durrani of "My Feudal Lord" fame, Yunus was shifted to Italy where she underwent over three dozen plastic surgeries and intensive counselling. Ironically, Durrani is also the ex-stepmother of Bilal Khar as she was once married to his father Ghulam Mustafa Khar.
During appearances on Pakistani TV news channels last night, Bilal Khar acknowledged that Yunus was working as a prostitute in Karachi when he married her. He further acknowledged that he was married at least twice before his marriage with Yunus. However, he claimed that he was not behind the acid attack.
In a touching piece following Yunus` death, Durrani wrote: "At the young age of 22 an acid attack left her only marginally alive, her horrific mutilation disfigured her so completely that she was now confronted by open disgust and contempt by everyone who set eyes on her in Pakistan. She also became a liability to her own family for whom she was once a source of income.
"I have met many acid victims. Never have I seen one as completely disfigured as Fakhra. She had not just become faceless; her body had also melted to the bone. Despite her stark and hopeless condition, the government of the Islamic Republic of Pakistan was not in the least God-fearing. She was provided nothing...but disdain...and trashed." 
At Durrani`s request, the Italian government urgently arranged for everything Yunus and her then five-year-old son Nauman required. Despite 38 surgeries and efforts to help her lead a normal life, Yunus jumped to her death from her sixth floor apartment in Rome 13 years after the attack.
"Despite her extremely disturbing image, the gracious people of Italy never ever made her feel she was any different to any one of them! In the beautiful city of Rome, Fakhra was able to walk the streets, laze in the parks, and enter a shop
or a restaurant in the most prestigious of places, without an iota of embarrassment. In fact every waiter served her more respectfully than he did any other, and every person who looked her way smiled and nodded with respect!" Durrani wrote in The News daily.
Haji Allah Din, Yunus` neighbour in Rome, accompanied her body to Karachi yesterday. He told the media that he had seen Yunus an hour before she committed suicide. At the time, Yunus looked at her scarred face in the mirror and wept bitterly, Allah Din said. He said he had left her crying in her apartment, dismissing the incident as a "daily episode".
After funeral prayers at the Edhi Shelter Home, Yunus was buried at a graveyard in the Defence Housing Authority. Yunus was reportedly jubilant on the day Pakistan`s Parliament passed a law under which persons responsible for acid attacks can be punished with life imprisonment. She celebrated the Punjab government`s vow to get that law implemented in letter and spirit on International Woman`s Day.  
She was also thrilled when filmmaker Sharmeen Obaid Chinoy`s documentary "Saving face" won an Oscar. Yet Yunus pined to return to Pakistan, reports said. "If I dont get back in my lifetime, promise to take my dead body home," she once said.

Durrani quoted an Italian professor who counselled Yunus as saying: "I tried to mend her physical scars but was unable to heal her soul." 
PTI 

------------------
Jammu: Two brothers and their domestic help
were injured in an acid attack by unidentified motorcycle-
borne youth in Udhampur district of Jammu and Kashmir.
The brothers - Dara Singh and Sohan Singh-- along with
their employee Mohinder Singh were returning home on a
two-wheeler when the motorcycle borne youth hurled a bottle of
acid at them at Roun Domail in Udhampur district late last
night, police said here today.
The trio were injured and later hospitalised, they
said adding a manhunt has been launched to track down the
culprit.
PTI

------------------
Mumbai: Three days after a 24-year-old
Malwani-based caterer was held in connection with an acid
attack on his former female tenant, his mother was arrested
for her suspected role in the crime, police said
on Saturday.

On Wednesday, the accused, Nasir Shaikh alias Pintu, was
apprehended from Malwani area after an unidentified person
threw acid on Nallasopara resident Aarti Thakur (22) outside
Goregaon railway station, police said.
"Shaikh`s mother Manju Anwar Ali Shaikh was also nabbed
yesterday as we suspect that she and her son conspired and
gave contract to the other person to attack Thakur," P M
Karyakarte, senior inspector at Borivali railway police
station, said, adding that two more are likely to be arrested.
Thakur, who works for a private firm in suburban Goregaon,
was attacked as she was punching her coupon outside Goregaon
railway station while speaking over phone.
The motive behind the attack is not yet clear as the
accused are not co-operating and are denying their role in the
crime, an official said.
"Thakur used to stay on rent in the house belonging to
Shaikh in Malwani. Shaikh used to tell his sister to avoid
talking to Thakur for some reason," said another police
officer.
Aarti had been first attacked in November last year,
when she was walking in Malwani. The second attack occurred in
December. Both the times, she was attacked on her face with a
small knife, but the perpetrators are yet to be identified.

The mother-son duo have been booked under section 307
(attempt to murder) and 120 (B)(punishment of criminal
conspiracy). 
PTI 

------------------
Zeenews Bureau

Mumbai: Another girl became the target of acid attack in Mumbai on Tuesday. The incident occurred at Goregaon railway station at around 6:47 pm yesterday.
The girl, Aarti Thakur, was attacked by one Pintoo Sheikh. The attacker threw acid on her and fled. Aarti who sustained burn injuries was admitted to a private hospital. Doctors said she suffered 10 to 15 percent burns but was stable.

Pintoo was nabbed by the police this morning from by Borivali railway police. Police have filed a case of attempt to murder against him. 
Pintoo was produced before a Borivali court today and sent to police remand till February 7.
The police also disclosed a surprising fact  the girl had been attacked with acid on two previous occasions also. However, in those cases, the police could not nab the attackers.

------------------
Gopalganj: Six persons suffered
burn injuries Thursday after a man threw acid on them for demanding extortion near a cinema hall in Gopalganj district, police said.
 A man, identified as Vijay Sohar, hurled acid on them apparently to teach them lesson for demanding extortion from
him.


 All six alleged extortionists suffered burn injuries
and were admitted to a hospital where the attending doctors
referred two of them - Anu Mishra and Akhilesh Dube - to Patna
in view of their critical condition, they said.
 The attacker has been arrested, police added. 
PTI 

------------------
Kanpur: A jilted lover enraged by his
girlfriend`s refusal to marry him allegedly threw acid on her, injuring her seriously.

 The girl used to run a pan masala stall to support herself and her younger brother after her parents died.
 The incident took place at the busy Birhana road area here last night when Sameer, a resident of Kuti Mall, along
with his friend came on a motorbike and threw acid on the
16-year-old girl, police said.
 The victim was rushed to a hospital with severe burns on
her hand and chest, they said.
 The girl and Samir had been friends for a year. Samir
wanted to marry her but she had refused his proposal following
which he was upset. The girl`s grandfather had even fixed her
marriage elsewhere angering him further.

 A case has been registered and a search is on to nab
Samir, they said. 
PTI

------------------
Islamabad: In a shocking incident, motorcycle
borne unidentified men threw acid on the faces of four women teachers in the restive Quetta city of southwest Pakistan. The women were attacked in Kili Aalam Khan area of Quetta.

 The acid hit them on their faces, police officials said.
 The teachers were on their way home in a van when they
were attacked by men riding a motorcycle. 

 They were taken to the Civil Hospital and later shifted to
Bolan Medical College. 
PTI

------------------
Agartala: At least 26 people were seriously injured, four of them critically, in an acid attack in Tripura, police said here on Sunday. One person was arrested.

Police arrested jeweller Ratan Sarkar who threw acid on a vegetable vendor and others Saturday night in North Tripura district`s Kailashahar town, 175 km from here.
The jeweller had a quarrel with the vendor over the use of space in front of his shop. Following the argument, he threw nitric acid on the vendor and on the on-lookers who had gathered near the shop, a police spokesman said.

The injured were shifted to hospital, where the condition of four was stated to be critical.
IANS 

------------------
Agartala: At least 26 people were seriously injured, four of them critically, in an acid attack in Tripura, police said here Sunday. One person was arrested.

Police arrested jeweller Ratan Sarkar who threw acid on a vegetable vendor and others Saturday night in North Tripura district`s Kailashahar town, 175 km from here.

The jeweller had a quarrel with the vendor over the use of space in front of his shop. Following the argument, he threw nitric acid on the vendor and on the on-lookers who had gathered near the shop, a police spokesman said.
The injured were shifted to hospital, where the condition of four was stated to be critical.
IANS

------------------
Tehran: The court-ordered blinding of an Iranian man who hurled acid in the face of university classmate Ameneh Bahrami has been postponed, the ISNA news agency said on Saturday without giving a source.

The sentence had been scheduled to be carried out at noon (0730 GMT) on Saturday at the judiciary hospital in Tehran in the presence of a physician and representatives of the coroners` office and the prosecution.
"The execution of qesas (retribution in kind) of Majid (Movahedi)... has been postponed to an unknown date," ISNA reported on its website just hours before the appointed time.
Movahedi was sentenced to be blinded in both eyes in February 2009 after being convicted of hurling acid in the face of Bahrami when she repeatedly spurned his offer of marriage.
His victim, who has been the driving force behind the sentence, had travelled to the Iranian capital from Spain in the expectation of it being carried out and had even said she was ready to do the blinding herself.
"I`ve suffered so much in these years but now I am really happy," Bahrami said in an interview published on Saturday by the 7sobh daily.
"The verdict is completely legal and I would like to carry it out. But if it is not possible, then the physician designated by the judiciary will do it," she said.
According to the paper, it would be first time such a penalty was carried out in Iran.
Amnesty International had called on Friday for a stay of the sentence, which it described as "a cruel and inhuman punishment amounting to torture.
"Regardless of how horrific the crime suffered by Ameneh Bahrami, being blinded with acid is a cruel and inhuman punishment amounting to torture," the London-based human rights watchdog said.
"The Iranian authorities have a responsibility under international law to ensure it does not go ahead."
The Islamic sharia code in force in Iran provides for eye-for-an-eye-style retributive justice, most commonly for murder or those convicted of causing intentional physical injury.
Bahrami, who was 24 when she met Movahedi in 2002, now lives in Spain where she has been undergoing medical treatment for her disfigurement for years. She is blind in both eyes and still has serious injuries to her face and body.
She told ISNA that the implementation of qesas would serve as a lesson for other acid throwers in the country.
"I still strongly stand with the carrying out of the qesas. I want qesas. I will become more serene," she told the news agency on May 11.
"This serenity will not stem from the culprit suffering hardship and pain but that (with the carrying out of the sentence) there is the probability of more deterrence regarding those who want to commit this crime."

A number of acid attacks have been reported in Iran in recent years.
Bureau Report

------------------
Bangalore: The Karnataka High Court on Friday
enhanced the six-year sentence awarded to a man convicted in
an acid attack case to life term.

     A division bench comprising Justice Manjula Chellur and
Justice Keshav Narayan upheld the state`s plea which sought
life sentence to Rajesh, who had been convicted to undergo six
year rigorous imprisonment in an acid attack on a 16-year-old
girl for rejecting his overtures six years ago.
Special Public Prosecutor HS Chandramouli in his appeal,
described the "trend of disfiguring a beautiful girl as very
dangerous" and pleaded that "the punishment given to the
person who had destroyed the life of a young girl was very
inadequate to the crime committed " and that should be
enhanced to life.

     Accordingly the court enhanced the sentence to life and
also imposed a fine of Rs 5 lakh on the convict and further
three years rigorous imprisonment if he defaulted to pay the
fine.
PTI

------------------
Lucknow: Two unidentified men, who had their faces covered, threw acid on a woman teaching assistant in Lucknow on Tuesday and managed to escape, the police said.

The 24-year-old victim suffered the acid attack on the outskirts of Lucknow in Kakori town, while she was on her way to the school.

"We are yet to ascertain the motive behind the attack or the identity of the motorcycle-borne men who threw acid on her", Lucknow police spokesperson Vinod Kumar told reporters.
"The woman has suffered multiple burns on her back and neck. She is being treated at a hospital and her condition is stated to be out of danger", he added.
IANS 

------------------
Kabul: A leading Afghan journalist is in
hospital after having acid sprayed in his face as he left his home in Kabul, officials said Wednesday.

     Razaq Mamoon is a former television anchorman who
regularly appears on talk shows as a political analyst and is
also an author.
     His comments are sometimes seen as hostile to
Afghanistan`s biggest ethnic group, the Pashtuns, which
includes President Hamid Karzai and most Taliban leaders.
    He was attacked leaving his apartment in the Afghan
capital yesterday, said Zemarai Bashary, a spokesman for the
interior ministry which handles police matters.
     Mamoon was rushed to hospital after suffering 10 percent
burns to his face and hands, health ministry spokesman Kargar
Noorughli said.
     Yesterday, the journalist was moved to a military
hospital for security reasons, Noorughli added.
    Mamoon`s books include one accusing a Pashtun politician
and ex-government official of masterminding the Taliban`s
murder of former communist president Najibullah in 1996.

     The Taliban tortured and executed Najibullah on the day
they took Kabul before displaying his mutilated body in a city
square. 
PTI

------------------
     Tehran: An Iranian court has ruled that a
man must lose an eye and an ear after he blinded and burnt an
ear of another man in an acid attack, newspapers reported
Wednesday.

     Judge Aziz Mohammadi gave the order against the man, who
was only identified as Hamid, after convicting him of the
throwing acid on the victim, named as Davoud, said the
hardline Kayhan newspaper.
     The judge also ordered Hamid to pay blood-money for the
burn injuries suffered by Davoud, in a ruling issued under the
Islamic republic`s eye-for-an-eye justice code.
     Hamid told the court he had mistaken Davoud for a
classmate who had bullied him in high school, said Shargh
newspaper.
     The reports did not say whether the authorities would
carry out the punishment by using acid.
     Several acid attacks have been reported in Iran in the
past few years.
     In November, the supreme court upheld a sentence of
blinding with acid against a man only named as Mojtaba, who
blinded his lover`s husband in the holy city of Qom.
In February 2009, Majid Movahedi was sentenced to be
blinded in both eyes for having hurled acid in the face of a
university classmate, Ameneh Bahrami, who refused his marriage
proposal.

     There has been no reported confirmation that the
sentences were carried out.
PTI

------------------
Mangaldoi/Tezpur: At least 11
persons have been injured when bandh supporters hurled an acid
bomb at a bus during a 12-hour Bodoland Territorial Council
(BTC) bandh called by the All Assam Adivasi Students`
Association (AAASA) Monday, the police said.


 The bandh enforcers hurled the bomb at the bus, going
from Bishwanath Chariali to Guwahati, at Lalbagh Orang in
Udalguri district and 11 passengers sustained burn injuries.
The condition of seven of the injured was stated to be
critical, the sources said adding five of them have been
shifted to Guwahati Medical College Hospital and two to
Kanaklata Civil Hospital in Tezpur.
The bandh has been called to demand scheduled tribe
status for Adivasis in Assam and rehabilitation of adivasis
evicted from forest lands.
PTI

------------------
Kolkata: Ten women were injured, two of
them seriously, when unidentified miscreants hurled acid on a
ladies compartment of a suburban train near here tonight,
officials said.

As the down Sealdah-Baruipur local train was
proceeding towards the Dhakuria railway station around 7.35 pm
after passing Ballygunge railway station, acid was hurled at
the ladies compartment from the right side of the train,
Government Railway Police (GRP) officials said.
Sources in the Eastern Railway, however, said seven
women were injured.
Four of the injured, including the two seriously
injured women were rushed to the National Medical College
Hospital here for treatment, the sources said.
The other injured were given medical aid at the
Sonarpur and the Baruipur railway station, they said.

One of the injured Shahnawaz Begum of Mallickpur area
of Baruipur said the compartment was filled with smoke after
the acid was hurled and she felt burning sensation on her
skin. 
PTI

------------------
Rajahmundry: A 25-year-old woman suffered severe injuries when her lover allegedly threw acid on her in East Godavari district of Andhra Pradesh, police said Tuesday.

The incident took place yesterday in the premises of a court in Indrapalem village when Suryavathi, who works as a sweeper there, asked her paramour K Balaji to marry her, they said. 
Balaji, who was irked by Suryavathi`s constant demands to tie the knot allegedly threw cleaning acid on her, inflicting critical burns on her stomach and chest area, police said. 
The accused is employed in the same court as a clerk and fell in love with her, following which the woman asked him to wed her, they said.
Suryavathi was admitted to the government hospital in rural Kakinada, police said. 

Balaji is absconding since the incident and police has launched a search to nab him.
A case has been registered and further investigations are on, police added.
PTI

------------------
Bulandshahr: Nearly 40 people were on Monday injured when two persons threw acid on guests at a wedding
function in Alipur village, police said here.

The guests were sitting for a wedding ritual when two
members from the groom`s side climbed the roof and threw acid
on them from bottles, Circle Officer Kalyan Singh.
All the injured have been admitted to hospital.
One of the accused has been arrested and police are
questioning him to ascertain the motive behind the action, he
said. The groom`s party had come from Bharatpur in Rajasthan.

Most of the injured were from bride`s side. 
PTI

------------------
Jalandhar (Punjab): An unidentified
motorcyclist threw acid on a middle-aged woman, seriously
injuring her, at Shaheed Udham Singh Nagar locality here
on Tuesday, police said.

The attack happened when 35-year-old Shashi Bala of
Makhdoom Pura locality was proceeding towards her workplace in
Avtar Nagar, they said.
The victim, who is a divorcee, is out of danger. She
suffered burn injuries on her face, right arm and her feet,
police said.

"While I was walking towards my workplace, a motorcyclist
wearing helmet on his face threw acid on my face. For a few
minutes, I couldn`t realise what was happening but soon felt
severe pain on my face," the victim said in her complaint.
According to police, the woman is a divorcee and had been
living separately. They suspect previous marital disputes as
the reason behind the attack.
PTI

------------------
Hong Kong: A man arrested in Hong Kong at the weekend after one of a spate of acid attacks in the city is no longer a suspect, police said on Monday, leaving the real culprit at large.
About 30 people were injured on Saturday night after bottles of acid were hurled from a building above the busy Temple Street night market, the latest in a string of unsolved attacks that has terrorised the city of seven million.

Authorities spotted the man on the rooftop of a building next to the scene, later telling media he was arrested in connection with the attack.
But police said on Monday that the 39-year-old was actually arrested for skipping a court date in an unrelated white-collar crime case.
"He is not involved in the acid attack and our investigation continues," a police spokeswoman said.
"He skipped a court date -- that was why he was arrested. It just happened that there was an acid attack on that day in the same area."
It was unclear why the man, a tenant of the building, was hiding on the rooftop, but he might have thought police were in the area looking for him.

Since late 2008, there have been at least six acid attacks in several shopping districts across Hong Kong, leaving more than 100 people injured.
Bureau Report

------------------
Hong Kong: Police arrested a man early Sunday after two bottles of corrosive liquid were hurled into a crowd at one of Hong Kong`s famous tourist spots, officials said. At least 30 people were injured in the city`s latest acid attack.
The victims, including children and tourists, were all treated at local hospitals for burns and other injuries and released. The liquid was thrown on them Saturday night near Temple Street, a densely populated district known for its outdoor shops and restaurants in the city`s Kowloon area.

Hong Kong has seen a series of similar attacks since December 2008 that have injured more than 100 people.
The suspect, described as a Chinese man in his 30s, was arrested after authorities found him on the roof a nearby building along with caps to the bottles believed to have been used in the attack, said police spokeswoman Michelle Mak.
The suspect has not been formally charged, and the investigation is ongoing, Mak said. She did not say if he was also suspected in other attacks.
Hong Kong leader Donald Tsang said authorities were offering a reward of HK$300,000 (USD 39,000) for information on the case.

The attack "makes people very angry and sad," Tsang told reporters on Sunday.
Bureau Report

------------------
New Delhi: Concerns over growing instances
of acid-hurling on women notwithstanding, the Supreme Court
on Wednesday ruled out ordering a total ban on free sale of acid
saying such an action is not possible as various state
governments have expressed their reservations about it.

"The ban on free sale of acid is not possible. There
can be restrictive and permissible sale as state governments
have different view," a Bench comprisng Chief Justice K G
Balakrishnan and Justices P Sathasivam and B S Chauhan said.
"The issue falls in the state subject. Unless state
governments co-operate, little could be done," the Bench said
asking the petitioner`s counsel to implead state governments
in the matter and posted the hearing after three weeks on
October 30.
The remarks by the Bench on the issue came after
Additional Solicitor General Mohan Prasaran said the idea of
complete ban on free sale of acid has not found favour with
state governments.
However, advocate Aparna Bhat, who is pressing for
complete ban on free sale of acid since 2006, alleged the
Centre has not done anything when incidents of acid attacks
increased manifold.
She said now the roadblocks have come from state
government without realising that in the last four months
there have been many incidents when young girls became victim
of acid attacks.
"The Centre is not taking corrective steps," she
charged.
Bhatt said she was not against industrial sale of acid
but favoured its ban in retail market.
The advocate said that in the past, the apex court had
banned sale of egg in the religious places and use of plastic
bags.
The court was hearing a PIL filed in 2006 by a
Delhi-based minor girl Laxmi whose arms, face and other body
parts were disfigured in an acid attack.
The advocate said the girl has now become an adult and
is still undergoing treatment which has so far entailed a cost
of Rs seven lakh.
The Centre had during the last hearing on July 6
indicated it was considering regulating free sale of the
corrosive substance after the apex court favoured a similar
action.
The Centre, which till March this year had failed to
come up with a clear stand of making acid attack a "serious
offence" and curbing the sale of acid, later said the new
government was working on the issue.
"There will be some positive development," Parasaran
had assured the court.
He had said Home Minister P Chidambaram has taken up
the issue on a priority basis and "something can be done on
it".

The Centre, which was also asked to consider a law
similar to the one in Bangladesh to regulate and restrict the
sale of acid to check its use as a weapon, had said such a
step would not be practical and it would lead to "inspector
Raj".
Bureau Report

------------------
Hong Kong: An attacker hurled acid at pedestrians in a crowded Hong Kong shopping district Sunday, injuring 11 people in the neighborhood`s fourth acid attack in a year.
Television footage showed two victims being carried on gurneys to ambulances, their heads covered in bandages. Police spokesman Chau Yau-fai said the attacker  a 28-year-old man arrested nearby  targeted a couple strolling through the Mong Kok district but also hurt nine others. Assistant District Commander Angela Ng said the couple quarreled with the suspect before the attack.

Sunday`s assault was unrelated to the previous ones, which started last December and have injured some 100 people, Chau said. In those attacks, acid apparently was tossed from neighboring buildings. No one was arrested.

Mong Kok, which means "busy corner" in Chinese, is a densely populated area in Kowloon across the harbor from Hong Kong island, with narrow streets crammed with snack vendors and shops.
Bureau Report

------------------
