Neemuch: An Assistant Sub Inspector (ASI) was on Thursday suspended here for allegedly posting obscene photos on a local WhatsApp group, police said.

One of the senior police officials confirmed the news and said, "We have suspended ASI Mangilal Pawar for posting obscene pictures on a WhatsApp group."
On Wednesday night, Pawar allegedly posted four obscene photos on the Watsapp group, following which the group administrator raised objections to it.
However, upon realising what he had done, Pawar later apologised for it and claimed that the pictures were posted by mistake as he had pressed 'send' button instead of 'delete'.
However, Neemuch Superintendent of Police (SP) Manoj Kumar Singh, who was one of the members of the group, took cognisance of the matter.

Taking a serious note of the complaint, the Neemuch SP suspended Pawar with immediate effect, the official said.
(With PTIinputs)

------------------
New Delhi: Showcasing its commitment to enhancing cyber security, US-based technology company Microsoft on Tuesday said it has set up a Cyber Security Engagement Centre (CSEC) in Gurgaon near here.

The CSEC aims to drive the public-private partnership to fight cyber crime, strengthen cooperation with Indian businesses, government and academic organisations on cyber security.
The Gurgaon centre, one of the only seven such centres across the world, will serve as a dedicated hub for Microsoft in India and brings together Microsoft`s Digital Crime Unit experts comprising attorneys, investigators and security response experts.
"Our Cyber Security Engagement Centre in Gurgaon (in Haryana) underlines our relentless commitment to security and partnering India in its digital transformation," Microsoft India Chairman Bhaskar Pramanik said in a statement here.
As part of the Microsoft Consultancy Services (MCS), an India-based response team will offer cyber monitoring, use machine learning-based detection technology and ensure rapid response to cyber threats to customers in the country.
Using a proprietary algorithm, Microsoft Advanced Threat Analytics works round the clock, constantly learning from the behaviour of organisational entities (users, devices and resources) and helps customers adapt to the changing nature of cyber security attacks.
Additionally, Microsoft`s Advanced Threat Protection in Exchange Online Protection helps prevent malware attacks in an email environment, strengthening security and protection against the growing threat of identity frauds and business email frauds.

------------------
New Delhi: Creating fake social media accounts is not a tough job these days. Recently, Aamir Khan's wife Kiran Rao encountered a similar situation, where an unidentified person created the director's fake account on Facebook.


Not just that, but the fake account holder also started chatting with her family and friends by using her pictures on the online platform.
The film director has now lodged a complaint with cyber crime police station at Bandra Kurla Complex considering the serious situation.

------------------
New Delhi: The Indian Railway Catering and Tourism Corporation (IRCTC) on Thursday denied reports that its website had been hacked.

"IRCTC website was not hacked and is functioning properly," Sandip Dutta, IRCTC public relations officer, told IANS.
"Passengers are able to book tickets through the website."
 The denial by the IRCTC came following some reports in the media that a large volume of data had been stolen from the state-owned firm`s website.
According to sources, the matter came to light when the Cyber Cell of the Mumbai police informed IRCTC that a large volume of data from its website was stolen.
"We asked the Cyber Cell to provide us with the data, that they claim belongs from our website. Once we have the data, proper verification would be conducted," Dutta said.
IRCTC has also formed a six member high-level committee to look into the matter.
The IRCTC website contains vital information pertaining to passengers who book train tickets and avail other services through it.
Currently, IRCTC is one of the largest e-commerce firm in the country with three crore active registered users. On an average, the website issues 5.5-6 lakh tickets per day.


------------------
Taipei: The Kenyan Police broke through a police station wall and threw tear gas canisters to force a second group of Taiwanese on to a Chinese plane on Tuesday, Taiwan`s Foreign Ministry said, in a bizarre diplomatic row in which Taiwan has accused China of abduction.

The Kenyan government and police were not immediately available for comment.
Taiwan on Monday accused China, which regards the self-ruled island as a breakaway province, of kidnapping eight of its nationals, who it said had been acquitted in a cyber crime case in Kenya, and deporting them to China on Friday from the Nairobi district of Kilimani. It said China had pressured Kenyan police to put the eight on the plane.
On Tuesday, another 37 Taiwan nationals were forced on to a Chinese plane, Taiwan`s Foreign Ministry said.
"The 15 locked up at the police station steadfastly refused to be deported (to China)," said Antonio CS Chen, the chief of Taiwan`s Foreign Ministry department in charge of West Asian and African Affairs.
"So police broke through the wall, threw tear gas and then about 10 police entered with assault rifles," Chen told a news briefing in Taipei.
Kenya`s attorney-general said in January it was considering a request from Beijing to extradite 76 Chinese charged with cyber crime in Kenya for trial in their homeland.
But Taiwan said some of these people were actually from Taiwan and that a total of 23 of its people had been acquitted last Tuesday by a Kenyan court and given 21 days to leave.
China views Taiwan as a wayward province, to be brought under Beijing`s control by force if necessary. Defeated Nationalist forces fled to the island in 1949 after a civil war with the Communists now in control in Beijing.
Only 22 countries recognise Taiwan, with most, including Kenya, having diplomatic relations with Beijing, recognising its "one China" policy.
Taiwan has been in an uproar since the eight were forcibly deported.
Chen said the 15 Taiwanese put on the plane on Tuesday likely had barred the door into the room they were being held in, while video footage carried by Taiwan media showed young men speaking the Taiwanese dialect in a cramped room, readying for a fight against a closed door.
The video footage could not be verified by Reuters.
"China, at the first moment, when it took our nationals without consulting us, acted improperly," said Chen Wen-chi, chief of the international and cross-strait legal affairs department of the Ministry of Justice.
Taiwan`s top China policymaker said that it was negotiating with Beijing for the return of the first eight Taiwanese, who are in Beijing.

"We think this has affected cross-strait ties even though China sees this as a joint effort fighting crime," said Jeff Yang, spokesman for Taiwan`s Mainland Affairs Council.
Yang said it was unclear how soon the Taiwanese in Beijing could return to Taiwan.

------------------
New Delhi: Nowadays, with the increasing use of Internet, many people have become avid social media users. Some of them have become so addicted that they often update and post every minute detail of their life on the social media. But we often tend to forget that social media is unsafe with the increasing cases of cyber crime. So, one should stay alert while enjoying their time surfing social media.

Here are some tips on how to stay secure on social media:
One should always have a strong and tricky password which is easy to remember but difficult to decode. Dont choose the easy password like date of birth or something but choose something which is uncommon. You can have a combination of numbers and alphabets as a password.
Always keep your personnel details intact and not disclose it on the social media platform. One must not share their phone number, address or email id with anyone on chat or private message.
Make sure that the pictures and videos that you post on your social media maintains privacy and it is visible to certain friends only. These two are the most vulnerable as one can easily make a MMS out of it and upload it on the Internet.

Do not easily accept the friend request sent to you on social media even if it is from your mutual friends or people who are part of their social circle not necessarily their friends. Only accept the request only when you are cent per cent sure of knowing the person.
One should not keep easy username as it gives out very personal detail about you. Username should be unique and something not too personal.

------------------
New Delhi: Terming cyber crime as the biggest challenge for the country, Home Minister Rajnath Singh on Friday said the cyber space is increasingly being used to radicalise young minds.

"Cyber crime is the biggest challenge these days with development and access to technology across the globe. Cyber space is increasingly being used to radicalise young minds," he said addressing a security meet organised by ASSOCHAM here.
Singh expressed deep concern over the exponential growth in the figures of cyber crime. Earlier, the crime used to originate from land, water and air but now it emanates from cyber space too.
"In the 20th century, the dimension of space was added to it. But now a days, cyber crime is showing exponential growth in its number, which is a matter of serious concern," he said.
The Home Minister said that in view of the reach of mobile phones and internet across the globe, including the far-flung areas, the main problem with cyber crime is its detection and prosecution, as it is faceless and borderless.
Singh said an expert group has been constituted in the Home Ministry to prepare a roadmap for effectively tackling cyber crimes in the country.

It has recommended setting up of an Indian Cyber Crime Coordination Centre (I4C) to fight cyber crimes, he said.
"With increasing inter-connectivity in the world, the challenges will come and we must find ways to tackle these challenges and address the security loopholes in the networks," he said.

------------------
Washington: India, along with China, Russia, Saudi Arabia and South Korea ranked among the nations most vulnerable to damaging cyberattacks, according to scientists, including those of Indian-origin.

The US ranked 11th safest, while several Scandinavian countries including Denmark, Norway and Finland ranked the safest, researchers said.
Data-mining experts from the University of Maryland (UMD) and Virginia Tech in US recently co-authored a book that ranked the vulnerability of 44 nations to cyberattacks.
"Our goal was to characterise how vulnerable different countries were, identify their current cybersecurity policies and determine how those policies might need to change in response to this new information," said lead author V S Subrahmanian, a professor at the University of Maryland Institute for Advanced Computer Studies (UMIACS).
The researchers, including B Aditya Prakash, assistant professor at Virginia Tech in US conducted a two-year study that analysed more than 20 billion automatically generated reports, collected from 4 million machines per year worldwide.
The researchers based their rankings, in part, on the number of machines attacked in a given country and the number of times each machine was attacked.
Machines using Symantec anti-virus software automatically generated these reports, but only when a machine's user opted in to provide the data.
Trojans, followed by viruses and worms, posed the principal threats to machines in the US. However, misleading software (ie fake anti-virus programs and disk cleanup utilities) is far more prevalent in the US compared with other nations that have a similar gross domestic product.
The findings include economic and educational data gathered by UMD's Centre for Digital International Government, for which Subrahmanian serves as director.
The researchers integrated all of the data to help shape specific policy recommendations for each of the countries studied, including strategic investments in education, research and public-private partnerships.

------------------
New Delhi: Cyber criminals are looking to exploit vulnerabilities in the IT infrastructure of Indian startups to steal customer data, including passwords and financial details, a report said.
According to a report by UK-based data security firm BugsBounty.Com, 72 out of the 100 major startups it analysed were "negligent" in implementing and maintaining reasonable security practices and procedures.
While the report did not name the companies, it said these were across segments like eCommerce (30), classifieds (14), finance and fin-tech (7), healthcare (7), food-tech (5) and hyperlocal services (3).
With growing Internet penetration and data packs becoming more affordable, consumer-focussed startups have seen business booming. Be it ordering food or furniture online or paying bills, consumers today are much more comfortable making purchases on the web and sharing details like email IDs, address and phone numbers.
"We have been speaking to some of these firms. We have warned them that they may be liable to pay massive compensation to users whose 'personal' and 'sensitive' data they store including passwords and financial information," BugsBounty.Com Director Ankush Johar told PTI.
Citing Section 43A (Compensation for failure to protect data) of Indian IT Act, Johri said the companies may have to shell out as much as Rs 5 crore in case of a data breach.
He added that this is critical, especially since billions of dollars of investor money is riding on these ventures.
"Also, 22 out of the 100 were found to have web server software vulnerabilities that pertain to software on their servers that is known to have bugs, but these startups have not patched those," he said.
This puts all the data on their server at risk including their software code, databases in entirety among others, he added.
Explaining the attack, Johar said a user receives an email asking them to login to the company's and they comply.
"The link is the same URL as that of the startup. The 'cautious' user ensures that the URL in the browser is the same as the sender. The user inputs his or her username and password because it appears to be completely genuine," he said.
However, instead of the company, it is the hacker who receives the username and password.
"This is not a phishing attack because the consumer is indeed logging into the company's website. However, because of the vulnerabilities that the website has, the consumer data can get into the hands of the hacker," he said.
Also, the magnitude of the threat is even higher because with mobile penetration soaring, Johar said.
Consumers on their part should ensure that they change their passwords regularly and keep different sets of passwords for critical services like banking and email, and another set for other non-critical services.
"They shouldn't share any extra information that is not critical for the companies," he said.

------------------
Mumbai: In view of increasing cyber crime cases, CBI is mulling setting up a special branch here to probe such offences, its director Anil Sinha said on Tuesday.

Sinha was in the city to inaugurate the newly constructed 13-storey office of CBI in suburban Bandra-Kurla Complex. All its branches like anti-corruption bureau, economic offences wing and special crime branch will now operate from the new office.
"Over the last two years, the cyber world has witnessed a surge in activities. I am contemplating, provided we get cooperation from the state government, setting up a branch to probe cyber crime offences," Sinha said.
"As of now, such a branch is only in the headquarters (Delhi), but now I think it's time a similar branch is opened here in Mumbai, too. Cyber crime is increasing and a separate team of officers including experts are required," the director said.
He said CBI in Mumbai has unearthed several scams like the Harshad Mehta scam, Telgi fake stamp paper scam, Adarsh Housing society scam and so on.
"Apart from such scams, CBI is also probing sensational murder cases of Sheena Bora and Narendra Dabholkar among others," Sinha said.
"Recently, state governments and high courts have also been handing over several cases to CBI. Though CBI started as an anti-corruption bureau, its scope has increased to economic offences, serious frauds and sensational cases under IPC. It is now a federal investigating agency which can probe any kind of case," he said.
"The corrupt are resorting to devious and ingenious means to outwit investigating agencies. We must, therefore, update our knowledge and reinvent our practices and methods to detect and bring these new methods of corruption within the ambit of substantive evidence," he said.

Sinha said there is also a need to expand the definition of corruption as offenders are adopting new ways of indulging in graft.
"We must now think beyond traps. Nobody these days accepts money in their hands directly. Hence, we must think of expanding the definition of corruption," he said.

------------------
Bengaluru: Multinational computer technology company Dell on Saturday warned that cyber crime increased significantly around the world in 2015 despite organisations deploying end-to-end security solutions perfectly.

Cyber criminals employed a number of new tactics to better conceal exploit kits from security systems including the use of anti-forensic mechanisms and URL pattern changes, the company said in its "Security Annual Threat Report".
Modifications in landing page entrapment techniques; steganography which is concealing the file, message, image, or video within another file, message, image, or video, and modifications in landing page entrapment techniques, were also used effectively to compromise the security, it added.
"Cybercrime has increased significantly around the globe in 2015 and there have been repeated incidents of breaches against organisations who believed that they had carried out their end-to-end security deployment perfectly." said Amit Singh, country manager, Dell SonicWALL.
The company emphasised on the criticality of maintaining 360 degrees of vigilance.
"Many of the breaches in 2015 were successful because cyber criminals found and exploited a weak link in victims' security programs due to disconnected or outdated point solutions that could not catch these anomalies in their ecosystem," said Curtis Hutcheson, general manager, Dell Security.
Dell SonicWALL noted a rise in the use of exploit kits.
While the year's most active kits were Angler, Nuclear, Magnitude and Rig, the overwhelming number of exploit kit options gave attackers a steady stream of opportunities to target the latest zero-day vulnerabilities, including those appearing in Adobe Flash, Adobe Reader and Microsoft Silverlight, the report said.
It also noted that malware attacks nearly doubled to 8.19 billion with Android ecosystem being prime target, putting a large percent of smartphones at risk globally.

According to Patrick Sweeney, vice president of product management and marketing, Dell Security, although the release of Android 6.0 Marshmallow operating system in October 2015 included a slew of new security features, "we can expect cyber criminals to continue finding ways to circumvent these defences".
"Android users should exercise caution by only installing applications from trusted app stores like Google Play, keeping their eye on the permissions being requested by apps, and avoid rooting their phones," he added.

------------------
Udita Madan
Cyber crime is on a steady rise these days, due to those who take advantage of innocent people through social media websites and dupe them.
Cyber crimes like hacking, murder, theft, kidnapping, prostitution, child pornography, etc., are all part of the game.

Similarly, the concept of masking is making its presence felt. Even though most fake accounts and profiles on social media sites like Facebook are made to popularise something (Celebrity fanclub or an account to promote an upcoming movie or event, or simply to spread awareness about an NGO), some profiles are mainly made to target you, lure you into a sense of falsehood and deceive you once you fall into the trap.
Such an incident happened recently with the Higgin family which hails from the UK, when they fell prey to a fake account on Facebook.
It all started when Becky Szenk gave birth to a beautiful baby girl and decided to move closer to her husband Mark Higgins' work place, after buying a new pub. In their haste to find a mover, Becky posted details on Facebook and came across a moving company, owned by a man by the name of Lee Green. She soon made an appointment with him for the day they wanted to move.
Everything was going well, the movers proved supremely efficient as they packed everything in the house into the truck within 45 minutes. Impressed with their efficiency and speed, Mark and Becky couldn't help praising them.
The couple soon reached their new home waiting for the movers to arrive and couldn't wait to start building their lives in their new haven. After an hour of waiting, they began to get concerned, only to find out later that Lee Green did not even exist! It was a Facebook moving scam, whose chief goal was to steal peoples money and belongings.
In less than an hour, Mark and Becky had paid for their entire house to be robbed bare. The only thing they hadn't taken was their television, since they had already put it in their car due to fear, that it would get damaged with the rest of the household things.
They were even robbed off their clothes. Today, they are desperately trying to rebuild their lives, courtesy all the donations they received from strangers after they heard their story. Their belongings can never be replaced. But through all this, they have learnt a very painful, yet valuable lesson when it comes to the dangers of the internet: The need to get references from people you know.
Mark and Becky's story isn't an isolated incident. There are many Mark and Becky's around the world who have a similar, if not the same, story to tell.
To make yourself more aware of the kinds of cyber crimes that exist, do search for Peter Chapman on Google. His Wikipedia page will tell you what he's famous (read: notorious) for. Also known as The Facebook Killer, Peter Chapman impersonated a teenage boy using a fake Facebook profile, to befriend Ashleigh Hall, a 17-year-old college student from Darlington. Whereas, in reality, he was a 33-year old man living out of his car. Ashleigh met him on 25th October, 2009 and according to the prosecution, "When she met him on 25th October in 2009, he kidnapped, raped and murdered her."
Time and again, people have been warned against connecting with those about whom they don't have any information. However, simply to gain followers and increase their social base, people don't hold back before adding and accepting requests of complete strangers.
In your rush to climb up the social ladder by adopting such strategies, don't forget that you might be putting yourself as well as your family at risk. Instead, try socialising with people through your friends and family.

If you at any point suspect that the person talking to you is doing so through a fake ID, immediately report to the cyber crime cell.
After all, it's better to be safe than sorry!

------------------
Delhi: Twitter Incsaid it had suspended over 125,000 accounts since mid-2015 for "threatening or promoting terrorist acts, primarily related to ISIS."
The microblogging service provider said in a blog on Friday that it had increased the size of the teams that review reports of such activity, reducing the response time significantly.
The company said it was seeing results, including an increase in account suspensions and "this type of activity" shifting away from Twitter.

------------------
United Nations:India has called for a truly global convention to fight cyber crime and to ensure cyber security.

India's Electronics and Information Technology Secretary J.S. Deepak told a high level meeting of the UN General Assembly on Tuesday that various stakeholders have to be involved to face the challenges of cyber security.
Emphasising the role of "governments, which bear ultimate responsibility for essential services and for public safety", he said there was a need to "create a global convention to address issues of cyber security and cybercrime".
He said that many of the cyber security challenges are "not well understood, much less addressed" and that a "multi-stakeholder approach" across geographies and societies was required to remedy this.
The General Assembly was holding a high level review of developments in the decade since the Tunis 2005 World Summit on Information Society (WSIS+10).
Because the next billion Internet users will come from the developing countries, policies to enable access to the internet should be formulated with full involvement of those nations, Deepak said. Of them, 500 million will be from India, he added.
While a European-initiated convention against cyber crime came into being in 2001 and has been signed by 50 countries, India has stayed away because it and most other non-Western countries were excluded.
India has not been spared cybr attacks. For example, a Silicon Valley cyber security company, FireEye reported in April that for over a decade a cyber operation with likely ties to China spied on Indian defence, business and media operations.

Deepak spoke of "the huge digital opportunity that lies before us, from health and education to agriculture and disaster management, from human resource development to financial inclusiona and reiterated India's commitment to sharing its expertise in information technology to help other countries. As examples of New Delhi's efforts, he cited the Pan-African e-Network Project undertaken by India to connect 53 nations and India using fiber-optic and satellite networks for e-education and telemedicine, and the Central Asian telemedicine project.
Extoling India's digital prowess, Deepak said its start-up sector is the third largest start-up ecosystem in the world. "Four new technology start-ups are coining up every day and because of their speed, agility and low costs, these are fast becoming preferred models of global research and development in ICT (information and communication technology),a he said.

------------------
London: Britain`s National Crime Agency on Tuesday launched a campaign to discourage youngsters from becoming hackers after it found the average age of suspects had plummeted to 17.

The NCA`s #CyberChoices campaign targets parents of boys aged 12-15 who may be involved in cyber-crime without their knowledge.
The advertisement features a teenage boy, his mother and his father sitting on the family sofa, with the parents boasting about how intelligent their son is and his IT expertise.
It is only when they mention that he joked about robbing a bank that the parents realise their son is actually a hacker, and the advertisement ends with all three being quizzed by officers from the NCA, Britain`s main agency fighting organised crime, trafficking and cyber-crime.
"Over the past few years the NCA has seen the people engaging in cyber crime becoming younger and younger," said Richard Jones, head of the National Cyber Crime Unit`s Prevent team.
The average age of suspected cyber criminals featured in investigations involving the NCA this year was 17, compared to 24 last year, said the agency.
"We know that simply criminalising young people cannot be the solution to this and so the campaign seeks to help motivate children to use their skills more positively," said Jones.
"These individuals are really bright and have real potential to go on to exciting and fulfilling jobs. But by choosing the criminal path they can move from low level `pranking` to higher level cyber crime quite quickly," he added.
The campaign aims to educate parents on common forms of cyber-crime such as Distributed Denial of Service (DDoS) attacks that can knock out websites by flooding them with data.

Younger hackers have also increasingly used software called Remote Access Trojans (RATs) that allow people to remotely monitor and take full control of another computer.
The youngest purchaser of such software was just 12 years old, the NCA revealed.


------------------
Washington/Hong Kong: Top U.S. and Chinese officials will convene this week in Washington for the first round of cyber security talks following the signing of a bilateral anti-hacking accord in September.

China`s Public Security Minister Guo Shengkun is in Washington through Sunday and will meet U.S. Secretary of Homeland Security Jeh Johnson, Chinese state media reported. U.S. Attorney General Loretta Lynch is also expected to take part in the discussions.
The talks on Tuesday and Wednesday are seen as potentially significant in establishing acceptable norms for cyber espionage. It also marks an ongoing effort to repair bilateral relations after China withdrew from a working group last year in response to the U.S. indictment of five members of its military on charges it hacked six U.S. companies.
Cyber security has long been an irritant in relations between China and the United States, despite robust economic ties worth $590 billion in two-way trade last year.
The September agreement, brokered during Chinese President Xi Jinping`s official state visit to Washington, included a pledge that neither country would knowingly carry out hacking for commercial advantages.
The pact also underscored a long-standing but unspoken agreement among many countries that hacking in pursuit of traditional espionage purposes is fair game, but infiltrating private sector computer systems for economic gain should be prohibited.
Earlier this month, the Group of 20 nations agreed to a similar set of hacking rules barring espionage on the private sector.
Reviews gauging China`s commitment to limiting its hacking have so far been mixed.
While some observers have noticed a recent slowdown in activity, U.S. counterintelligence chief Bill Evanina said earlier this month he had seen "no indication" that China`s hacking behaviour had changed.
CrowdStrike, a U.S. cyber security firm, released a report shortly after Xi`s state visit in which several U.S. companies claimed detection of attempted hacks connected to the Chinese government.

China, Russia and Iran are among the U.S.`s most prolific and sophisticated hacking adversaries. U.S. officials have privately blamed Beijing for a massive hack on federal employee records earlier this year, which exposed sensitive personal information of more than 22 million current and former government workers.

------------------
Hong Kong/Singapore: Almost a year after students ended pro-democracy street protests in Hong Kong, they face an online battle against what Western security experts say are China-sponsored hackers using techniques rarely seen elsewhere.

Hackers have expanded their attacks to parking malware on popular file-sharing services including Dropbox and Google Drive to trap victims into downloading infected files and compromising sensitive information. They also use more sophisticated tactics, honing in on specific targets through so-called `white lists` that only infect certain visitors to compromised websites.
Security experts say such techniques are only used by sophisticated hackers from China and Russia, usually for surveillance and information extraction.
The level of hacking is a sign, they say, of how important China views Hong Kong, where 79 days of protests late last year brought parts of the territory, a major regional financial hub, to a standstill. The scale of the protests raised concerns in Beijing about political unrest on China`s periphery.
"We`re the most co-ordinated opposition group on Chinese soil, (and) have a reasonable assumption that Beijing is behind the hacking," said Lam Cheuk-ting, chief executive of Hong Kong`s Democratic Party, which says it has been a victim of cyber attacks on its website and some members` email accounts.
US-based Internet security company FireEye said the attacks via Dropbox were aimed at "precisely those whose networks Beijing would seek to monitor", and could provide China with advance warning of protests and information on pro-democracy leaders. The company said half its customers in Hong Kong and Taiwan were attacked by government and professional hackers in the first half of this year - two and a half times the global average.
China`s Ministry of Foreign Affairs, Public Security Bureau and the Liaison Office of the Central People`s Government in the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region did not respond to requests for comment. The Defence Ministry said the issue was not part of its remit. China has previously denied accusations of hacking, calling them groundless, and saying it is a victim.
The Hong Kong police said its Cyber Security and Technology Crime Bureau works with other law enforcement agencies to combat cross-border crime, but did not respond to questions on how much information it shares with mainland Chinese authorities, the origin of the Hong Kong cyber attacks, or whether these might be a source of instability or concern.
Police data show a drop in reported "unauthorised access", which includes Internet or email account abuse and hacking, over the past two years. Many of the victims Reuters spoke to said they hadn`t bothered to report being hacked.
SWITCHING TACTICS
Like other groups taking on the might of Beijing - from Uighurs and exiled Tibetans to some Taiwanese - Hong Kong activists, academics and journalists have become more savvy and adopted tactics that, in turn, force hackers to get savvier still.
When Tibetan exile groups stopped clicking on files attached to emails, to avoid falling victim to a common form of `spear phishing` attack, hackers switched their malware to Google Drive, hoping victims would think these files were safer, said Citizen Lab, a Canada-based research organisation which works with Tibetans and other NGOs.
Hackers also recently used Dropbox to lure Chinese language journalists in Hong Kong into downloading infected files. FireEye, which discovered the attack, said it was the first time it had seen this approach.
"We don`t have any arrogance to think we can beat them," said Mark Simon, senior executive at the parent company of Hong Kong`s Apple Daily, a media group on the front line of the attacks.
STRANGE WORDS
Trying to stay ahead of the hackers, activists and others use multiple mobile phones with different SIM chips, encrypted messaging apps, apps that automatically delete tweets, and code words to set up meetings. If someone thinks they may be arrested, they remove themselves from group chats.
Some things are kept offline.
"If we want to talk, we have some signal," said Derek Lam, a member of student group Scholarism that helped organise the protests. "It`s a few words ... if I say some words that are really strange it means we have to talk somewhere privately."
Law professor and protest organizer Benny Tai stores personal data, such as names, email addresses and mobile numbers, on an external hard drive that he says he only accesses on a computer without an Internet connection.
The pro-democracy Apple Daily, which says it is hacked on an almost weekly basis, has tightened its email security software, and has its lawyers use couriers rather than email. FireEye last year connected denial of service (DDoS) attacks against Apple Daily with more professional cyber spying attacks, saying there may be a "common quartermaster". It said China`s government would be the entity most interested in these "political objectives".
SOPHISTICATED HACKS
Steven Adair, co-founder of US-based security firm Volexity, said that code hidden on pro-democracy websites last year, including those of the Democratic Party and the Alliance for True Democracy, suggested a group he said "we strongly suspect to be Chinese... who is very well resourced."
He said such tactics were more usually seen employed by Russian hackers, aimed at very specific targets and designed to be as unobtrusive as possible. "It`s a real evolution in targeting," he said.

In the run-up to Hong Kong district council elections earlier this month, hackers used more basic techniques, breaking into at least 20 Gmail accounts at the Democratic Party, according to party officials and Google logs seen by Reuters.

------------------
Washington: The latest Norton Cybersecurity Insights Report, published Monday, shows that nearly two thirds of consumers globally are more worried about an online attack leading to the loss of credit card and banking information than they are of being robbed in the street.

"Consumer confidence was rocked in 2014 by an unprecedented number of mega breaches that exposed the identities of millions of people who were simply making routine purchases from well-known retailers," said Fran Rosch, executive vice president, Norton by Symantec.
Across the 17 countries polled for the study, 47% revealed they'd been affected by cybercrime and that on average, dealing with the aftermath took 21 hours and cost $358.

Yet despite these concerns, Norton found very lax security practices. For example, just one third of Americans have a password for protecting their computer or smartphone.
"The threat of cybercrime hasn't led to widespread adoption of simple protection measures people should take to safeguard their devices and information online," said Rosch.

------------------
New Delhi: An estimated 113 million Indians lost about Rs 16,558 on an average to cyber crime in addition to the "emotional" stress caused by personal financial data breach, a report by software security firm Norton says.

The global average stood at Rs 23,878 (USD 358), according to the report by Norton by Symantec.
"Cyber crime takes a true emotional toll... Close to 8 in 10 said they would feel devastated if their personal financial information is compromised while 36 per cent said they felt sad after being affected by online crimes compared with 19 per cent globally," Norton India Country Manager Ritesh Chopra said.
Nearly half of respondents said they felt furious after being affected by a cyber crime.
"Our findings reveal that consumer reservations are indeed grounded in reality. In the past year, 48 per cent of India's online population or approximately 113 million Indians were affected by online crimes," Chopra said.
However, only 40 per cent respondents were confident of knowing what to do if they are victims of any online crime.
The report found 60 per cent respondents expressing concern about experiencing cyber crime.
About 54 per cent said it is more likely their credit card information will be stolen online than from their wallet. Also, 52 per cent said they have either personally experienced credit card fraud or know someone who has.
The global study, covering 17 countries and 17,125 device users aged above 18 years, comprised inputs from 1,000 people from India.
Interestingly, the baby boomers (55 years and above), a group often considered less tech savvy, have more secure online habits than the millennials (born between 1980s to early 2000).
"While millennials, born in the digital era, often throw caution to the wind with 31 per cent admitting to sharing passwords and other risky online behaviour. They are more reckless in many ways, with only one in four believing they have most responsibility when an online crime occurs," Chopra said.
Four in 10 millennials believe that they aren't "interesting enough" to be a target of online crime, he added.

"In reality however, more than seven in 10 millennials in India have ever experienced a form of cyber crime, with every second millennial (54 per cent) experiencing it in the last 12 months alone. Also, 32 per cent Indians (driven mostly by millennials) reported having their mobile device stolen compared with the global average of 15 per cent," Chopra said.
Despite concerns towards cyber crime, only 41 per cent said they use a secure password (combination of at least eight letters, numbers and symbols). Also, many share passwords to online sensitive accounts with friends and family.

------------------
New Delhi: Victims of cyber offences can now report their cases and seek technical help at zero cost at the first private cyber crime reporting helpline which has become operational in Delhi-NCR.

Rampant crime over cyberspace and inability of the police in dealing with such cases have led to the setting up of this helpline.
Through the helpline number launched last month, the reporting centre has received around 250 complaints in 15 days.
Of the total complaints, 130 pertained to cases of financial fraud mostly phishing, and around 80 cases of outraging modesty of women through social networking sites, said a source in the Indian Cyber Army, developer of the helpline and consultant to Delhi Police and their counterparts in three other states.
Among the cases pursued in the first 15 days, most clients did not report the matter to the police ? despite being suggested ? once their problems were solved, the source said.
"However, eight particular complaints ? six cases of phishing and two cases in connection with social network sites ? were forwarded to Delhi Police and the investigators have progressed well in the probes," said a Crime Branch official.
The concept of the cyber helpline was borrowed from that of the Internet Crime Complaint Centre (IC3.Gov) operated by the Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI), said a developer connected with the helpline.
"For both social networking and financial frauds, the protocol is simple ? contact the intermediary (banks in case of financial fraud cases and concerned sites for social networking) and communicate the complaint, provide ID proof and transaction details, and reverse the transaction/delete obscene contents," he said.
"But all that is to be done within a very short span of time, at times within hours," said the developer, adding that the centre does not charge anything for its services.
In 15 days, the centre received financial fraud complaints worth around Rs 15 lakh, of which around Rs 8 lakh have already been recovered on behalf of clients. Objectionable contents have also been deleted from hundreds of social network accounts, he claimed.
The police too follows the same protocol but the time of reaction is high, leading to a lower work out rate, said a police official.
In most cases, by the time the message reaches the destination, the damage is done. However, with time, the police are also getting more equipped in combating cyber crimes, the official added.
With 226 cases registered in connection with cyber crime offences in the previous year in relation to which 56 persons were arrested ? Delhi witnessed a 57 per cent increase. Of the total, 59 cases were in connection with outraging modesty of women and 25 in connection with fraudulent gains, National Crime Records Bureau data reveal.
"The cyber cell in the crime branch of Delhi Police comes across around 15 complaints every day. Initially financial frauds topped the list, but the position has now been taken over by cases in connection with social network sites either cheating or defacement of accounts, insulting the modesty of women," said a Crime Branch official.
A senior police official who had also served at National Technical Research Organisation (NTRO) added, "Indian organisations have not paid adequate attention towards cyber security. The widespread absence of even the most routine security tools and policies has left many Indian organisations vulnerable to serious cyber-attacks and the inevitable financial losses that follow."

Delhi Police is now going to expand its operation 'Nirbheek' - initially launched for reporting sexual offences committed against school-going girls - by including social network defacement cases under its ambit.
"For the expansion in Nirbheek, we are taking the help of a UK-based consultant who had earlier helped police forces in Mumbai and foreign cities in fighting cyber crime," said a senior police official.

------------------
New Delhi: Cyber crime has become a big threat for the country as various disruptive forces are trying to lure and mislead young minds over the internet, Home Minister Rajnath Singh said Thursday.

Inaugurating an information security conference -- 'Ground Zero Summit-2015' here, the Home Minister said the government was concerned about cyber security and steps have been taken in this regard.
"Cyber crimes are a big threat and they are increasing. Many forces in this domain are trying to lure young minds. We can't be fully secure until we have good cyber security," he said.
Singh said efforts must be made to ensure that the country's systems and networks were updated properly.
The Home Minister said the government will soon set up a cyber crime coordination centre following a suggestion of an expert committee in this regard.
The Home Ministry had recently said a Rs 400 crore cybercrime control hub, to be called 'Indian Cyber Crime Coordination Centre' (IC4), will be set up to check cyber crime, including child pornography and online abuse, as per the recommendations of the committee.
One of the priorities of IC4 will be to check attempts by international gangs to penetrate Indian government's official communication network and hack them.
Key objectives of IC4 are to act as a nodal point in the fight against cyber crime and as an early warning system for law enforcement agencies with active cyber crime monitoring.
It will also set up an open platform for victims to raise cyber crime complaints with the protocol for resolution such as online crime reporting, to support and coordinate electronic investigations of cyber crime and assist the law enforcement agencies in criminal investigation.

IC4 would provide all necessary technical assistance to CBI and state police on all cyber crime related issues.
The Home Minister has already directed speedy implementation of recommendations of the committee.

------------------
New Delhi: With 70 per cent increase in cases of cyber crime, Home Minister Rajnath Singh Thursday said security experts have to be vigilant against attempts at online radicalisation of Indian youth.

Inaugurating an information security conference -- 'Ground Zero Summit-2015' here, the Home Minister said 'cyber terrorism' is a big danger in the world along with cyber crime.
"Today, due to technology and internet, a person living in a remote area can have access to such information by which he can indulge in an act of terror, despite not being associated with any terror group.
"Such forces are also active in the cyber space which work in the direction of radicalisation of youth. Cyber security experts need to be alert specially towards the online radicalisation," he said.
The Home Minister said cyber world is the fifth dimension of security along with the earlier dimensions of security i.E. land, air, water and space.
Singh said crimes related to cyber world can be multi- layered, multi-locational, multi-lingual, multi-cultural and multi-legal, that's why it is difficult to investigate and reach to the criminal.
He also expressed his concern over the increasing rate of cyber crime and related cases in the country.
"The cases related to cyber crime have increased by 70 per cent in the year 2014 as compared to 2013. There was an increase of about 64 per cent in 2013 as compared 2012," he said.
The Home Ministry had recently said a Rs 400 crore cybercrime control hub, to be called 'Indian Cyber Crime Coordination Centre' (IC4), will be set up to check cyber crime, including child pornography and online abuse, as per the recommendations of the committee.
One of the priorities of IC4 will be to check attempts by international gangs to penetrate Indian government's official communication network and hack them.
Key objectives of IC4 are to act as a nodal point in the fight against cyber crime and as an early warning system for law enforcement agencies with active cyber crime monitoring.
It will also set up an open platform for victims to raise cyber crime complaints with the protocol for resolution such as online crime reporting, to support and coordinate electronic investigations of cyber crime and assist the law enforcement agencies in criminal investigation.

IC4 will provide all necessary technical assistance to CBI and state police on all cyber crime related issues.
The Home Minister has already directed speedy implementation of recommendations of the committee.

------------------
London: The personal data and bank details of millions of Britons could have been stolen after one of the country's largest telecom services provider TalkTalk was hit by a major cyberattack, the third such attack to hit the telecom giant in last one year.

The phone and broadband provider said personal and banking details of up to four million customers may have been accessed in the "significant" attack but the exact figure remains uncertain.
Chief executive Dido Harding said the company had been working through the night to try to contact all customers and apologised to them for the third cyber-attack affecting the firm in the past 12 months.
She, however, said that the breaches were "completely unrelated".
"I'm very sorry for all the frustration, worry and concern this will inevitably be causing all of our customers. We have been working through the night to make sure that we contact all of our customers and can reassure them about how they can keep their data safe," Harding said.
"Unfortunately cybercrime is the crime of our generation. Can our defences be stronger? Absolutely. Can every company's defences be stronger? I'm a customer myself of TalkTalk, I've been a victim of this attack," she said.
The cyber-attack comes in the backdrop of several high-profile breaches of personal information in the US.
Details of millions of customer were stolen from the infidelity website Ashley Madison in August this year, while Sony Corp. Was also a victim of data breach in November 2014.
Scotland Yard's cybercrime unit is investigating the attack but said no-one had been arrested over Wednesday's attack, however, enquiries were ongoing.
There is some speculation that the attackers could be Islamic extremists or extortionists.
"There have been no arrests and inquiries are ongoing. We are aware of speculation regarding alleged perpetrators. This investigation remains at an early stage. A full assessment of the alleged data theft is ongoing," a Metropolitan Police statement said.
TalkTalk said it had contacted the major banks asking them to look out for any suspicious activity on customers' accounts.
It added that every customer would be getting a year's free credit monitoring.
A company statement said: "That investigation is ongoing, but unfortunately there is a chance that some of the following data has been compromised: names, addresses, date of birth, phone numbers, email addresses, TalkTalk account information, credit card details and/or bank details.

"We are continuing to work with leading cybercrime specialists and the Metropolitan police to establish exactly what happened and the extent of any information accessed."
TalkTalk shares tumbled more than 10 per cent, wiping almost 300 million pounds from its stock market value, as investors and customers worried about the financial impact of the cyber-attack.

------------------

------------------
Thiruvananthapuram: In view of emerging challenges in the cyber world and spiralling internet crime rate, Kerala police is getting ready to launch a CyberDome, a high tech centre for cyber security and innovations, here next month.

According to state police, the CyberDome, coming up in the premises of IT hub Technopark, will be the first such high tech public-private partnership centre in the country.
The CyberDome is envisaged as a primary monitoring unit for the internet and the nodal centre for policing the social networking sites and anti-terror activities in cyber space.
All types of internet related activities ranging from virtual policing, automated threat intelligence, cyber forensics, tweetalongs, facebook quiz to virtual courts and tracking system for protecting children would be performed by the upcoming high tech cyber centre, they said.
The Centre would also be the specialised agency on all matters of crime investigation and monitoring and would provide expert advice and solutions to all the Cyber Cells functioning in various districts under the state police.
A top official said digitalization and rapid modernization has led to steep increase in the number of cyber crime related complaints registered in the state.
"The core objective of the CyberDome is the prevention of cyber crimes. At present, what we do is to act after a cyber crime case is reported. But, we hope that we can prevent all such crimes with the opening of the centre," Manoj Abraham IPS, Nodal Officer of Kerala Police CyberDome, told PTI.
He said the tele-density level of the state is high and it has also led to increasing number of cyber crimes.
"Kerala has 2.5 crore mobile phones, 30 lakh landline connections and 12 lakh internet connections. The state also has a 85 per cent tele-density level as against the national average of 56.83 per cent," he said.
"All these pose major challenges in the cyber crime investigation. Technology also gets obsolete within no time and so constant updating is needed for combating cyber crimes," he said.
The CyberDome is coming up against the backdrop of Kerala government's plans to make amendments in the state Police Act to effectively check cyber crimes as there are certain limitations in the existing provisions.
As the centre is coming up in a 3000-5000 sq ft area within the Technopark, where most of the software companies are located, it is easy to build partnerships with interested companies in the anti-cyber crime initiatives of the police, Abraham said.
At the CyberDome, the hardware would primarily be procured by the Police department and the establishment costs of the centre can be envisaged on a private-public shared basis.
The Centre would be headed by a DySP rank officer.
Besides this, technical experts from all companies will work part time, shoulder to shoulder with police.

The private sector would provide all kind of support to the products developed at the Centre and give a long term maintenance and support for it, he said.
A number of industry software companies had already expressed interest to provide their technical experts to assist the police in various fields of crime monitoring, policing the web, assistance in the investigation of cyber crimes, development of new software for police and a host of other areas, Abraham added.

------------------
Bengaluru: Highlighting that technology was far ahead of law, its enforcement and policy making, Deputy National Security Adviser Arvind Gupta today said innovative approaches were required to handle issues relating to cyber security.

"Apart from the issues of e-governance, cyber crime, cyber espionage, cyber warfare has also become important concerns for governments. Governments all over pay a great deal of attention in preventing attacks on critical infrastructure," Gupta said.
He said there is a fear that cyberspace can be used for corporate espionage. The protection of critical infrastructure has become an important issue in bilateral and multilateral forums, he said.
Stating that in this context 'cyber diplomacy' is important, Gupta pointed out that in a era where billions of devices are interconnected, cyber security will become more important an issue.
He said "the reality is the technology is far ahead of law, law enforcement and policy making when it comes to the internet."
"Challenging the future will be complex and will require innovative approaches to handle the threats from the cyber space," he added.
Gupta was delivering a keynote address on 'Cyber Diplomacy' at the 'Cyber 360' conclave organised by Synergia foundation here.
Noting that cyber issues will affect the prosperity and security of the nation, Gupta said cyber security has become an "important element" of foreign policy and diplomacy.
"Given its importance for national security, public safety... In developing international agreements on how to behave in cyber space, and how to ensure safe, stable and open internet - cyber diplomacy has become increasingly important for India as well," he said.
Gupta said India was witnessing a boom in internet with over 300 million users and growing. It is already experiencing revolutionary changes in the area of e-governance, internet services, e-commerce and the like.
He also advocated a stable and secure internet infrastructure.
Gupta mentioned social media and its efficient utilisation as a diplomatic tool in public outreach, in handling emergency evacuation and disaster relief. "But, there is also a negative side of social media," he added.

He said: "The challenge before the government is to ensure a right balance between the security concerns that arise out of using social media and increasing reliance of citizens on it."
Gupta said cyber security is a new and growing area, requiring knowledge of technology, law and politics. It is an area of focus for Indian government and "it will continue to focus on this in the years to come," he said.

------------------
Washington:China and the US have reached important consensus on joint fight against cyber crimes, Chinese President Xi Jinping said on Friday, stressing bilateral dialogue and cooperation on cyber issues.


At a joint press conference with US President Barack Obama at the White House, Xi said China and the US have agreed to step up investigation assistance and information sharing on cyber crime cases.
"China and the United States are two major cyber countries and we should strengthen dialogue and cooperation," Xi said, adding that confrontation and friction are not the right choice for both sides.

------------------
Zee Media Bureau

New Delhi: In one of the first case of cyber crime extortion, two Indian conglomerates were forced to pay hackers $5 million each in order to prevent them from revealing secrets or information that could have implicated the companies in wrongdoing.
According to a report in Economic Times, the payments were made in May this year after the hackers had access the IT systments of the companies two to three years ago and taken information that were secret and confidential.
Hackers would look for the right time to reveal such secrets, said the report, adding that the two Indian companies were forced into paying the $10 million to hackers so that no information would be revealed.
As per the report, the sources are said to have been traced back to the Middle East though the exact origin was known as it could back further.
The two Indian companies were forced to pay the sums or face the consequences of the data being passed on the Indian government, the ET reported.
njRAT, XtreameRAT, h-w0rm, anonghost, SEA and Opsavegaza are some of the hackers that could be involved in the hacking and also on the list provided by various Indian companies, including the two, that have hacked them in the past six months.

------------------
New York: In an age when many parents globally are concerned about cyberbullying, one in five parents in the US feels that students who post online rumours about sex should be referred to police but far fewer called for the same punishment for rumours regarding cheating in exams.

According to an annual US survey, less than half of parents said sharing an altered photo to make a classmate appear fatter or posting online rumours that a student was caught cheating on a test was definitely cyberbullying.
In nearly all cases, mothers were also more likely than fathers to label actions as cyberbullying.
The poll included a national sample of parents of teenagers aged 13-17 who were asked for their views on hypothetical situations. Parents recommended the most severe punishments for posting online rumours about a student having sex in school.
While 21 percent of parents felt referral to law enforcement was an appropriate punishment for a sex rumour, only five percent said spreading rumours about academic cheating should be reported to police.
We know that parents are concerned about the harms of cyberbullying but we wanted to learn if there was a consensus among parents about what actually constitutes cyberbullying, said lead researcher Sarah J. Clark, associate director of University of Michigan's C.S. Mott Children's Hospital, in National Poll on Children's Health.
Does a social media campaign to elect a student for homecoming count as a prank? Definitely cyberbullying, 63 percent of respondents reported.
Posting online rumours that a student had sex at school? The majority again - nearly two-thirds - say there is no question that is cyberbullying.
Not only are parents unsure about which actions should be considered cyberbullying. They also do not agree on penalties, Clark noted.

Depending on the content of online rumours for example, parents recommended punishment ranging from making the student apologise to reporting the student to police.
Schools should consider these differing opinions to avoid criminalising teenagers' behaviour that is hard to define and enforce consistently, the authors noted.

------------------

------------------

------------------
New Delhi: Tackling child pornography and online abuse will be the top priority of a highly sophisticated centre to be set up by the government to deal with cyber crime.

The initiative comes after an expert committee constituted to prepare a roadmap for effectively tackling cyber crime submitted its report to the Home Ministry.
According to the recommendations of the committee, there is a need to drastically reduce crimes against children and women, especially online abuse.
"These kinds of content and websites need to be monitored and blocked. The supporting laws need to be strengthened, parents need to be educated to monitor children's activities in cyber space and educate children about good cyber behaviour," the committee has said in its report.
A Rs 400 crore cybercrime control hub, to be called 'Indian Cyber Crime Coordination Centre' (IC4), will be set up to check all cyber crime, including child pornography and online abuse, as per the recommendations of the committee.
"Home Minister Rajnath Singh has already directed speedy implementation of recommendations of the committee," an official said.
The government has taken seriously the issue of pornography and asked Internet Service Providers to block over 800 sites which had child porn content.
The Supreme Court too had pulled up the government for not doing much to check child pornography.
There has been almost 40 per cent annual increase in cyber crimes registered in the country during the past two-three years, according to an official estimate.
The expert committee found that India lacks centralised online reporting mechanism, inadequate infrastructure for cyber crime monitoring and investigation, besides skilled cyber professionals.
Other drawbacks include challenges related to technology and research and development, lack of citizen awareness, legal and jurisdictional issues and lack of Standard Operating Procedure for cyber crime investigation.
The IC4 will have linkages with CCTNS and NATGRID, the two databases having information related to various kinds of crime and criminals.
One of the priorities of IC4 will be to check attempts by
international gangs to penetrate Indian government's official communication network and hack them.
Key objectives of IC4 are: to act as a nodal point in the fight against cyber crime and as an early warning system for law enforcement agencies with active cyber crime monitoring.
It will also set up an open platform for victims to raise cyber crime complaints with the protocol for resolution such as online crime reporting, to support and coordinate electronic investigations of cyber crime and assist the law enforcement agencies in criminal investigation.
"IC4 should provide all necessary technical assistance to CBI and state police on all cyber crime related issues," the committee has said.
The panel said the CBI needs to be further strengthened by improving its existing infrastructure, technology, forensic laboratory and manpower.
The CBI may continue to function as the central investigating agency for cyber crimes and collaborate with Interpol and Europol and at state level, while state police forces should undertake criminal investigation as per their jurisdiction.
The expert committee suggested enactment of a new Electronic Evidence Act similar to the UK and Singapore and regular review of existing laws.
An Advance Application for Social Media Analytics may also come up to monitor social media platforms' activities related to Ministries of Home, External Affairs, Defence and other government organisations, the committee said.
The expert group was constituted by the Home Ministry on December 24, 2014.






Govt plans new body to crack down on child porn, online abuse
New Delhi, Sep 20 (PTI) Tackling child pornography and online abuse will be the top priority of a highly sophisticated centre to be set up by the government to deal with cyber crime.
The initiative comes after an expert committee constituted to prepare a roadmap for effectively tackling cyber crime submitted its report to the Home Ministry.
According to the recommendations of the committee, there is a need to drastically reduce crimes against children and women, especially online abuse.
"These kinds of content and websites need to be monitored and blocked. The supporting laws need to be strengthened, parents need to be educated to monitor children's activities in cyber space and educate children about good cyber behaviour," the committee has said in its report.
A Rs 400 crore cybercrime control hub, to be called 'Indian Cyber Crime Coordination Centre' (IC4), will be set up to check all cyber crime, including child pornography and online abuse, as per the recommendations of the committee.
"Home Minister Rajnath Singh has already directed speedy implementation of recommendations of the committee," an official said.
The government has taken seriously the issue of pornography and asked Internet Service Providers to block over 800 sites which had child porn content.
The Supreme Court too had pulled up the government for not doing much to check child pornography.
There has been almost 40 per cent annual increase in cyber crimes registered in the country during the past two-three years, according to an official estimate.
The expert committee found that India lacks centralised online reporting mechanism, inadequate infrastructure for cyber crime monitoring and investigation, besides skilled cyber professionals.
Other drawbacks include challenges related to technology and research and development, lack of citizen awareness, legal and jurisdictional issues and lack of Standard Operating Procedure for cyber crime investigation.
The IC4 will have linkages with CCTNS and NATGRID, the two databases having information related to various kinds of crime and criminals.
One of the priorities of IC4 will be to check attempts by
international gangs to penetrate Indian government's official communication network and hack them.
Key objectives of IC4 are: to act as a nodal point in the fight against cyber crime and as an early warning system for law enforcement agencies with active cyber crime monitoring.
It will also set up an open platform for victims to raise cyber crime complaints with the protocol for resolution such as online crime reporting, to support and coordinate electronic investigations of cyber crime and assist the law enforcement agencies in criminal investigation.
"IC4 should provide all necessary technical assistance to CBI and state police on all cyber crime related issues," the committee has said.
The panel said the CBI needs to be further strengthened by improving its existing infrastructure, technology, forensic laboratory and manpower.
The CBI may continue to function as the central investigating agency for cyber crimes and collaborate with Interpol and Europol and at state level, while state police forces should undertake criminal investigation as per their jurisdiction.
The expert committee suggested enactment of a new Electronic Evidence Act similar to the UK and Singapore and regular review of existing laws.
An Advance Application for Social Media Analytics may also come up to monitor social media platforms' activities related to Ministries of Home, External Affairs, Defence and other government organisations, the committee said.
The expert group was constituted by the Home Ministry on December 24, 2014.




------------------
National Harbor: The US Defense Department is building a massive, electronic system to provide an overview of the vulnerabilities of the military`s computer networks, weapons systems, and installations, and help officials prioritize how to fix them, the deputy commander of US Cyber Command said on Thursday.

Air Force Lieutenant General Kevin McLaughlin told Reuters officials should reach agreement on a framework within months, with a goal of turning the system into an automated "scorecard" in coming years.
The effort, being led by the Pentagon`s chief information officer, grew out of a critical report about cyber threats released earlier this year by the Pentagon`s chief weapons tester, and escalating cyber attacks by China and Russia.
The report by Michael Gilmore, the Pentagon`s director of testing and evaluation, warned that nearly every major US weapons system was vulnerable to cyber attacks.
Initial data entry would be done by hand, but the goal was to create a fully automated system that would help defense officials instantaneously detect and respond to cyber attacks, McLaughlin said after a speech at the annual Billington Cybersecurity Summit.
McLaughlin told the conference that Cyber Command had already set up about half of 133 planned cyber response teams with about 6,200 people, and all of them would achieve an initial operational capability by the end of 2016.
He said the initial focus of the new scorecard would be on the greatest threats, including weapons systems fielded 30 years ago before the cyber threat was fully understand, as well as newer systems that were not secure enough.
"Theres probably not enough money in the world to fix all those things, but the question is whats most important, where should we put our resources as we eat the elephant one bite at a time," he said.
McLaughlin said the scorecard was initially intended to look at weapons and networks, but the Pentagon was now looking at a broader and more sophisticated approach that also accounted for how data was moved among agencies within the military.

US Army, Navy and Air Force officials, who also spoke at the event, mapped out their own cybersecurity efforts, citing new levels of communication and collaboration among the services around these issues.
McLaughlin said US military commanders were far more attuned to cyber threats than in earlier years. He said Cyber Command spot checks and inspections were now being flagged to the command`s top leader, Admiral Mike Rogers, which had spurred greater accountability than in earlier years.

------------------
New York: Researchers have developed a new keystroke algorithm that can make online authentication processes more secure, reliable and cheap.

The new method hopes to alleviate some of the common issues for internet users including loss of password, growing prowess of hackers, and easy access to methods such as phishing and usage of bots, said the authors in a paper published in the Journal of Applied Security Research.
Like fingerprint scans, retina scans and facial recognition, keystroke dynamics are a biometric -- they measure a unique human characteristic.
As the typing pattern varies from person to person, this can be used as a suitable method for the authentication process more effective than others," the researchers wrote.
The information needed for the process is using the various software systems already present in the computer, leading to a decrease in costs.
The new keystroke template algorithm combines measures from existing models to increase precision.
To test their algorithm, the researchers built a programme that users could log into using passwords of varying length.
While entering their credentials, keystroke dynamics were recorded.
Results indicate that their algorithm was successful in decreasing login errors and making improper authentication very unlikely, thus advancing keystroke dynamics analysis as a viable e-security measure.

The researchers do call for additional testing before the new algorithm can be used as a security measure.
The keystroke dynamics analysis holds big potential as an authentication method but the methods used in the process have to be improved before it can be used as an independent security measure, they concluded.

------------------
Beijing: China has urged the US to stop its "groundless accusations" of cyber attacks, adding that cyber security should be an area of cooperation rather than a source of frictions, the media reported on Saturday.

Chinese Foreign Ministry spokesman Hong Lei made the comment on Friday after US Director of National Intelligence James Clapper said that China and Russia posed the most advanced cyber threats and that Chinese cyber espionage continues to target a broad spectrum of US interests, the People`s Daily reported.
"The Chinese government firmly opposes and cracks down on all types of hackers," Hong said, adding that China is also a victim of cyber attacks.
As two major powers in cyber space, China and the US share extensive common interests while facing common challenges, he said.

"Cyber security should be an area of cooperation rather than a source of frictions. Some US personnel should stop their groundless accusations against China," Hong said.
The spokesman called on the US to participate in dialogue and cooperation with China on the basis of mutual respect and trust to foster a peaceful, secure, open and cooperative online world.

------------------
Washington: Ahead of Chinese President Xi Jinping's US visit, President Barack Obama has said cyber- attacks emanating from China are "not acceptable" and will be treated as a "core national security threat".

"We've made very clear to the Chinese that there are certain practices that they're engaging in that we know are emanating from China and are not acceptable," Obama said at a town hall meeting with soldiers at Fort Meade.
Obama said President Xi will be coming for a state visit in a couple of weeks time.
"We can choose to make this an area of competition -- which I guarantee you we'll win if we have to -- or, alternatively, we can come to an agreement in which we say, this isn't helping anybody; let's instead try to have some basic rules of the road in terms of how we operate," Obama said in response to a question.
"There's still going to be individual actors, there are going to be terrorist networks and others, so we're still going to have to build a strong defence. But one of our first and most important efforts has to be to get the states that may be sponsoring cyber-attacks to understand that there comes a point at which we consider this a core national security threat and we will treat it as such," he said.
In response to another question, Obama said the core of al Qaeda has been destroyed in the Af-Pak region but they still pose a threat.
"We've done an incredible job in going after and systematically dismantling the core al Qaeda network that was operating primarily in the FATA region between Afghanistan and Pakistan," Obama said.

"They still pose a threat, but it is much diminished. But what's happened with this radical, violent extremism is that it's metastasised and it's spread to other areas. And right now, ground zero for those activities is in Syria with ISIL," the President said in response to a question.
"Despite the progress we've made in Afghanistan, it's still critically important that we've got thousands of trainers and advisors who are supporting the Afghan military efforts there. Our combat role is complete, but we still have to make sure that they are getting the kind of help and assistance that they need," he added.

------------------
Washington: Chinese cyber espionage continues to target a broad spectrum of US interests, including national security information, sensitive economic data and intellectual property, America's spy chief Thursday.

Appearing before the House Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence, Clapper listed out Russia and China as the two major countries posing a threat to US cyber world.
Iran and North Korea are other countries posing challenge to the cyber system in the United States.
"Chinese cyber espionage continues to target a broad spectrum of US interests, ranging from national security information to sensitive economic data and US intellectual property," he said in his prepared remarks.
"Although China is an advanced cyber actor in terms of capabilities, Chinese hackers are often able to gain access to their targets without having to resort to using advanced capabilities.
"Improved US cybersecurity would complicate Chinese cyber espionage activities by addressing the less sophisticated threats, and raising the cost and risk if China persists," he said.
Clapper said Russia's Ministry of Defence was establishing a cyber command, which according to senior Russian military officials?will be responsible for conducting offensive cyber activities, including propaganda operations and inserting malware into enemy command and control systems.
"Russia's armed forces are also establishing a specialised branch for computer network operations. Computer security studies assert that Russian cyber actors are developing means to remotely access industrial control systems (ICS) used to manage critical infrastructures," he added.
"Unknown Russian actors successfully compromised the product supply chains of at least three ICS vendors so that customers downloaded malicious software ("malware") designed to facilitate exploitation directly from the vendors? websites along with legitimate software updates, according to private sector cyber security experts," said the spy master.
Clapper said terrorist groups will continue to experiment with hacking, which could serve as the foundation for developing more advanced capabilities.
Terrorist sympathizers will probably conduct low-level cyber attacks on behalf of terrorist groups and attract attention of the media, which might exaggerate the capabilities and threat posed by these actors. 
"With respect to ISIL, since last summer, the group began executing a highly strategic social media campaign using a diverse array of platforms and thousands of online supporters around the globe.
"The group quickly builds expertise in the platforms it uses and often leverages multiple tools within each platform," he said.
"ISIL and its adherents' adept use of social media allows the group to maximize the spread of its propaganda and reach out to potential recruits," he added.
Clapper said the breadth of cyber threats posed to US national and economic security has become increasing diverse, sophisticated, and impactful.
"Cyber Intelligence collecting, analyzing, and disseminating intelligence on the intentions, capabilities, and operational activities of foreign cyber actors?is one of the core objectives in National Intelligence Strategy we produced last year to guide the activities of the Intelligence Community," he said.
"Ensuring the integration of such activities in support of our policy makers and national security is a core mission for the Office of the Director of National Intelligence, and was one reason the President directed me to form a Cyber Threat Intelligence Integration Center (CTIIC)," Clapper said.
He acknowledged that threats to the cyber world emanating from foreign countries and also non-state actors can't be eliminated and there is need to manage the risk.
"In short, the cyber threat cannot be eliminated; rather, cyber risk must be managed. Moreover, the risk calculus some private sector entities employ does not adequately account for foreign cyber threats or the systemic interdependencies between different critical infrastructure sectors," James R Clapper, Director of National Intelligence told lawmakers during a Congressional hearing. 

------------------
Noida: Rising number of youths and teenagers are engaging in cyber crime due to lack of awareness, a top Uttar Pradesh police official said on Friday.

"Youngsters who were caught for cyber crime were not aware of their action, which highlights their low level of knowledge about cyber-related laws. The young generation is not knowledgeable about the difference between ethical and unethical hacking," UP Police Cyber Crime Unit Advisor Rakshit Tandon said at a workshop conducted by a private university.
As per 2014 NCRB study, 143 people who were arrested for cyber crime were below the age of 18 years, while 2,782 belonged to the age group of 18-30, he said.

Major types of reported cyber crimes include -- Cyber Defamation, Cyber Stalking, e-mail hacking, Vishing/Phishing, Mobile crimes, Hacking/Defacement of Websites, DATA Theft and e-Frauds amongst others.
"In year 2008, the number of cyber crime incidences reported were 2,565 which augmented to 1,60,000 by year 2014," Tandon said.

------------------
Washington:Facing common threat from overseas cyber-attacks, India and the US on Friday decided to join hands in combating cyber crime that would not only help them address these challenges, but also advance Prime Minister Narendra Modi's ambitious goal of a digital India.

Ahead of Modi's meeting with President Barack Obama in New York next month, officials of the two countries in a meeting here this week, "committed to robust cooperation on cyber issues" to increase global cybersecurity and promote the digital economy.
The fourth India US Cyber Dialogue was led by the US Cybersecurity Coordinator and Special Assistant to the President Michael Daniel and by India's Deputy National Security Advisor Arvind Gupta.
In a joint statement issued by the White House, the delegations discussed a range of cyber issues including cyber threats, enhanced cybersecurity information sharing, cyber incident management, cybersecurity cooperation in the context of "Make in India," efforts to combat cybercrime, Internet governance issues, and norms of state behaviour in cyberspace.
The two delegations identified a variety of opportunities for increased collaboration on cybersecurity capacity-building, cybersecurity research and development, combating cybercrime, international security, and Internet governance, and intend to pursue an array of follow-on activities to bolster their cybersecurity partnership and achieve concrete outcomes, it said.
In addition to the formal dialogue, the delegations met with representatives from the private sector to discuss issues related to cybersecurity and the digital economy.
The Indian delegation also met with Deputy Secretary of State Antony Blinken and Assistant to the President for Homeland Security and Counterterrorism Lisa Monaco, the White House said.

"Cybersecurity is fundamentally a team endeavour, and it is essential that international partners like India and the US work together closely, along with industry and civil society, to raise our cyber defences in both the short and long term, to disrupt and interrupt malicious actors in cyberspace, and to improve our ability to respond to and recover from cyber threats," Michael Daniel, said.
Daniel said he is especially encouraged by India's recent statements of support for the multi-stakeholder model of Internet governance.

------------------
Beijing: If the US implements retaliatory measures against China in cyber space, it "will have to shoulder responsibility for escalating confrontation", said a commentary by Xinhua news agency, warning that any form of political or economic retaliation will be met with corresponding counter-measures.

The commentary - "US should think twice before retaliating against China over unfounded hacking charges" - said that the US is on the brink of making another grave mistake under the name of protecting cyber security, as it is reportedly considering retaliatory measures against China for unfounded hacking accusations.
Senior American officials were quoted by a US daily as saying that President Barack Obama's administration was determined to retaliate against China for its alleged theft of personnel information of more than 20 million Americans from the database of the Office of Personnel Management (OPM).
"The decision came amid a growing chorus in the US demonizing China as the culprit behind the massive breach of the OPM computer networks. As witnessed by most past similar cases, the US government, Congress and media once again called for punishing China for this after a top US intelligence official indirectly pointed a finger at China," said the commentary.
The article said: "Obviously, cyber security has become another tool for Washington to exert pressure on China and another barrier that restrains the further development of China-US relations."
"Washington will be blamed for any adverse effects this might have on its ties with China, as all the US accusations against China were made without providing concrete evidence," it added.
It went on to say that by "repeatedly blaming China for hacking into its government computers, Washington apparently tries to portray Beijing as the No. 1 bad guy in cyber space, but this is doomed to fail because the US is the most powerful country with the most advanced cyber technologies".

The commentary observed that just like protecting its territorial sovereignty and integrity, "China is strongly determined to protect the safety of its cyber space and reserves all rights to counter any outside threats and intrusions. It will meet any form of political or economic retaliation with corresponding countermeasures".
It added: "If it stubbornly implements retaliatory measures against China in cyber space, it will be known for being a cyber bully and will have to shoulder responsibility for escalating confrontation and disrupting the peaceful order in the cyber space."

------------------
Mumbai: Maharashtra Chief Minister Devendra Fadnavis on Monday recognised banking as the "most vulnerable" sector to cyber crime and expressed the need to employ appropriate remedies to counter the menace.

Fadnavis also observed that government is trying to create a cashless society using information technology.
"Banking is currently the most vulnerable sector with respect to cyber crime and we need to ensure that we have the remedies to counter cyber crime in the sector.
"We are trying to create a cashless society using information technology but we also have to ensure it does not become 'cash less' due to cases of cyber crime," Fadnavis said while addressing a conference on Cyber Crime Control here, which was jointly organised by the state Home department, Mumbai Police, IIT Bombay and Asian School of Cyber Law.
Fadnavis acknowledged that government was facing "big challenges" including that of jurisdiction in cases of cyber crimes and also proposed a re-look at law enforcement and justice delivery system.
The CM said while his government was busy building digital capabilities, it needs to ensure that cyber crime control capabilities are built as well.
"While common people are getting the fruits of greater use of IT, we have to ensure good security for this platform," Fadnavis said.

State additional chief secretary (Home) K P Bakshi, Mumbai police commissioner Rakesh Maria, director general of Anti-Corruption Bureau Pravin Dixit and director of IIT Bombay Devang Khakkar were among those who attended the event.
Fadnavis, while replying to a question in the state Legislature in April, had said that while 937 cyber crime cases were registered in 2013, the number rose to 2,696 in 2014.

------------------
Kolkata: The official website of North Bengal Agriculture University in Cooch Behar of West Bengal was hacked on Sunday by a group calling itself the United Islamic Cyber Force, a varsity official said.

"Upon accessing the university website, the words `United Islamic Cyber Force` appeared. Only the home page was hacked and our experts have now restored the site," said university registrar Dipankar Pal.
The university officials have also lodged a police complaint.

Earlier, the Jadavpur University website was also hacked and porn content posted thereon.


------------------
HANGZHOU, China: When it comes to fighting fakes, Alibaba`s head of internet security says cooperation beats the courtroom any day.

Ni Liang, who runs the Hangzhou, China-based company`s anti-counterfeiting operations, was speaking to Reuters days after Gucci, Yves Saint Laurent and other luxury brands owned by Paris-based Kering SA sued Alibaba in New York, alleging the e-commerce giant had knowingly made it possible for counterfeiters to sell fakes.
Ni said brands had a better chance of succeeding in clamping down on the pervasive counterfeit trade if they talked to Alibaba, instead of suing it.
The company has been dogged for years by accusations that it doesn`t do enough to fight intellectual property rights violations and also listed counterfeits as a risk before its record-breaking $25 billion IPO in September.
"I strongly believe that spending money on lawsuits could result in a completely different outcome than cooperating with us," Ni said in an interview during a rare visit by the media to Alibaba`s internet security headquarters.
"If a brand doesn`t cooperate with us we`ll still fight fakes for them... But when we cooperate we can fight better."
Alibaba employs some 2,000 employees to battle counterfeits. At its internet security command centre, a computer screen covering an entire wall tallies in real-time attempts by vendors to list suspected counterfeits and shows which brands they were trying to sell. Vendors known to have attempted to sell fakes are also tracked.
Another 5,000 "volunteers" around the country, including sellers and buyers, help identify vendors of phony goods, Ni said, adding that Alibaba spent about 100 million yuan ($16 million) last year to covertly buy products and check their authenticity.
Ni said this figure could rise to 150 million this year. "I believe we spend more than any platform or company in the world on anti-counterfeit efforts," he added.
REAL-TIME
Alibaba`s two popular platforms are Taobao, on which consumers buy and sell goods to each other much like they do on the marketplace run by U.S.-based eBay Inc, and Tmall, an online shopping mall that vendors use to sell their products, similar to Amazon.com Inc.
The company, founded by Jack Ma, controls 80 percent of all online retail in China, handling goods worth about $97 billion in the quarter ended March 31.
Alibaba has so far signed more than 1,300 memoranda of understanding on cooperation with brands, including Microsoft, Apple and Louis Vuitton, to fight fakes, Ni said.
Overall, Alibaba`s platforms have seen a drop in the number of counterfeits as a percentage of goods traded, Ni said, but added the number of fake products discovered by the company rose two-thirds to 130 million last year from 80 million in 2012.
Counterfeit goods can be found on all Chinese e-commerce platforms, despite efforts to fight them, because of the sheer scale of the problem and the huge demand for these products.
No pictures of the internet security war room are allowed. An Alibaba spokeswoman told Reuters they could not name any of the brands being targeted by fraudsters but data on the tracking screen showed more than 5,000 attempted listings of suspected fake products had been detected and removed by noon.
A search for "Gucci" and "Guggi" on Alibaba`s eBay-like Taobao site also highlights the complexity of the problem.
Ads appear for products that look like genuine articles as well as clear knock-offs. Ni said determining authenticity from photos is notoriously difficult, and products that bear a likeness to the real deal may not infringe upon intellectual property rights.
Brands and industry groups have complained that Alibaba makes it difficult to remove suspect product listings. Ni said last year his team removed 12 million listings after receiving complaints involving about 20 million, but the process can be lengthy.
About 40 percent of all items flagged were either genuine or it was impossible to conclude that they were fake, he said.
"We have to have an audit mechanism for complaints made by brand holders, and this audit mechanism increases the time it takes to get fake products pulled down," he said, adding that Alibaba intends to double the number of cases it sends to the police for prosecution this year. 

------------------
Berlin: Unknown hackers have attacked the German Bundestag lower house of parliament`s computer system, a parliamentary spokeswoman said on Friday.

German news magazine Der Spiegel`s online edition had earlier said that the internal data network had been subject to an attack. It said experts had noticed several days ago that unknown attackers had tried to get into the data network.
At almost the same time experts from Germany`s domestic intelligence agency (BfV) at the government`s cyber defence centre noticed the spying attempt and warned the Bundestag administration, the report said.
"There was an attack on the Bundestag`s IT system," parliamentary spokeswoman Eva Haacke said, giving no further details. "Experts from the Bundestag and the BSI (the German Federal Office for Information Security) are working on it."

In January, German government websites, including Chancellor Angela Merkel`s page, were hacked in an attack claimed by a group demanding Berlin end support for the Ukrainian government, shortly before their leaders were to meet.


------------------
Benaulim (Goa): The Reserve Bank is planning to set up an information technology wing to face the rising challenges coming from the cyber world, Governor Raghuram Rajan said Thursday.

"We've to worry about increasing issues.. About cyber security, we've to worry about cyber supervision and with that in mind, the board suggested that we focus on an IT subsidiary which would help us develop policies as well as capabilities in the areas of IT," Rajan told reporters here.
The Governor was addressing the media after the central board meeting of the monetary authority here.
Explaining the rationale, Rajan said the central board talked about the changing nature of information technology and the need for monetary authority to keep abreast of it.
"The changes are so rapid that one of the directors said today we have banking which uses IT today, tomorrow it's going to become an IT company which does banking," the Governor said.
Rajan added that the proposed IT entity's precise structure has to be worked out, besides focusing on issues concerning systems such as cyber security, supervising the nature of technical capabilities of our banks, the new payment banks which are going to be IT-intensive as well as the small finance banks.
It can be noted that online frauds in the financial sector have been on the rise and hundreds of gullible people have been defrauded by crooks, using their stolen credit and debit card information. The cyber thieves have even been using RBI logos to send out mails to cheat customers.
Last month, Rajan got an e-mail threat from the dreaded terror group Islamic State of the Levant and Iraq.
Globally, millions of dollars fall prey to cyber crimes annually. 

------------------
Kuala Lumpur: The easy availability of invasive cyber technology poses a greater risk now to legitimate trade, resulting in both economic and commercial damage to the operators, an insurance provider has warned.

While technological advances provide greater operational efficiencies and opportunities for carriers and operators to mitigate their exposure to theft and fraud, unfortunately they equally benefit criminal organisations, the International Maritime Bureau (IMB) said in a press release quoting Insurance and logistics provider TT Club.
It noted that companies, including those in the supply chain sector, were unaware of their costs and liabilities as cyber crime continued to increase.
As invasive cyber technology becomes more widely available and cost effective, a greater risk to legitimate trade is emerging, exposing operators to both economic and commercial damage, the provider said.
"The cyber criminal's ability to hack into email accounts and communication channels is well established, so the risks to the logistics operator cannot be ignored," the insurance provider said.
TT Club said the effectiveness of business operations is dependent on continuous and secure communications channels to receive and fulfil orders, as well as instruct on-site and remote/mobile personnel.
Both interruption to service and infiltration are obvious critical risks.
TT Club is therefore urging firms' management boards to conduct thorough risk assessments and to boost their 'e-perimeter fence'.
Another trend analysts see starting to develop is that cybercrime is becoming more targeted, the Maritime Bureau said quoting KPMG's cyber security practice, which warned that the next 12 months would see criminals become more selective about who they target.
They won't need to maintain the current 'hit and hope' approach of spear phishing, instead only attacking specific users and computers based on the data these give away about their owners.
IMB which functions as a focal point in the fight against maritime crime and malpractice urged companies in the sector to remain vigilant.
IMB said, "Recent events have shown that systems managing the movement of goods need to be strengthened against the threat of cyber-attacks. It is vital that lessons learnt from other industrial sectors are applied quickly to close down cyber vulnerabilities in shipping and the supply chain". 

------------------
Kuala Lumpur: The easy availability of invasive cyber technology poses a greater risk now to legitimate trade, resulting in both economic and commercial damage to the operators, an insurance provider has warned.

While technological advances provide greater operational efficiencies and opportunities for carriers and operators to mitigate their exposure to theft and fraud, unfortunately they equally benefit criminal organisations, the International Maritime Bureau (IMB) said in a press release quoting Insurance and logistics provider TT Club.
It noted that companies, including those in the supply chain sector, were unaware of their costs and liabilities as cyber crime continued to increase.
As invasive cyber technology becomes more widely available and cost effective, a greater risk to legitimate trade is emerging, exposing operators to both economic and commercial damage, the provider said.
"The cyber criminal's ability to hack into email accounts and communication channels is well established, so the risks to the logistics operator cannot be ignored," the insurance provider said.
TT Club said the effectiveness of business operations is dependent on continuous and secure communications channels to receive and fulfil orders, as well as instruct on-site and remote/mobile personnel.
Both interruption to service and infiltration are obvious critical risks.
TT Club is therefore urging firms' management boards to conduct thorough risk assessments and to boost their 'e-perimeter fence'.
Another trend analysts see starting to develop is that cybercrime is becoming more targeted, the Maritime Bureau said quoting KPMG's cyber security practice, which warned that the next 12 months would see criminals become more selective about who they target.
They won't need to maintain the current 'hit and hope' approach of spear phishing, instead only attacking specific users and computers based on the data these give away about their owners.

IMB which functions as a focal point in the fight against maritime crime and malpractice urged companies in the sector to remain vigilant.
IMB said, "Recent events have shown that systems managing the movement of goods need to be strengthened against the threat of cyber-attacks. It is vital that lessons learnt from other industrial sectors are applied quickly to close down cyber vulnerabilities in shipping and the supply chain".

------------------
London: Young people are aware of the risks of cyberbullying but perceive others as being more at risk than themselves, says a study.

Young women are more vulnerable to this perception than young men, the study said.
"Our findings suggest that whilst young people are aware of the potential risks associated with cyberbullying, they believe that they are less likely to experience cyberbullying than their peers," said Lucy Betts from Nottingham Trent University (NTU).
"This unrealistic perception of invulnerability appears to lead many to think it is something that happens to other people," she added.
The study, designed to measure how vulnerable young people felt to cyberbullying and how vulnerable they felt compared to other people, included 63 females and 46 males aged between 16 and 18 years old.
Analysis showed that students rated themselves as being at a lower risk of cyberbullying than other groups (friends, students your age, younger students and strangers).
Among these other groups, younger students were identified as those at most risk of becoming a victim of cyberbullying.
Girls also had a higher perception of the risks of experiencing cyberbullying than boys.

"However, given the reported high prevalence rates of cyberbullying in some studies (ranging from 7-70 percent) it may be necessary to implement more measures so that whilst continuing to raise young people's awareness of the risks we also ensure they fully understand that this could actually happen to them," Betts said.
The findings are scheduled to be presented at the British Psychological Society's Annual Conference next week in Liverpool.

------------------
Faridabad: In a case of cyber crime, a businessman was robbed of more than Rs 10 lakh from his bank account here, police said on Sunday.

Janak Raj Jain, a resident of sector-14 here is into Pharma business and has an account with ICICI Bank sector-16, Faridabad.
On April 23, an amount of Rs 10,50,000 was withdrawn from his bank account without his knowledge, according to a complaint filed by him with the police.
Upon enquiring, it was learnt that an amount of Rs 8,00,000 was withdrawn from Kashmere gate branch of the bank while another Rs 2,50,000 was drawn from Shaktinagar branch in Delhi.
He found that the registered mobile number was also changed in the bank records without his information to prevent sending of messages to the number.
A case has been registered with Police Station Central, Faridabad under section 420 (cheating) of IPC and section 66 (sending offensive and false messages through internet) of IT Act, SHO Bharat Bhushan said.
In another incident, two miscreants robbed a man of his phone and Rs 70,000 cash after throwing chilli powder in his eyes here, police said today.
The incident took place yesterday when the victim, identified as Javed, was riding his bike on Pali crusher zone here, they said.
He was stopped by two men standing on the road. As soon as he stopped the bike, one of the men rubbed chilli powder on the eyes of Javed.
Meanwhile, the second miscreant robbed Rs 70,000 and a mobile phone from his pocket, following which the duo fled the spot.

A case has been registered with Police Station sector-55 Faridabad under section 392 (robbery) and other relevant sections of IPC.
The police are investigating the case and yet to nab the culprits, Investigating Officer ASI Suresh Kumar said. 

------------------
Doha: In a major push towards recovering black money stashed in safe havens abroad, a UN conference here on Sunday endorsed India's suggestions on promoting global cooperation in fighting the menace of money laundering, international terrorism and cyber crime.

The 13th UN Congress on Crime Prevention and Criminal Justice was held here and a Doha Declaration was adopted during the high-level segment of the meeting.
Following up on G20's endorsement of concerns raised by it regarding black money, India put immense importance on the acceptance of a statement that will facilitate the eventual confiscation of?"money and other assets that have not been accounted for and that are found in safe havens" and succeeded in getting adopted measures that can help achieve the goal.
A clause in the declaration prominently took care of the concern that the Indian government has been emphasising recently at all possible forums.
The declaration agreed to "strengthen or, as appropriate, adopt procedures to more effectively prevent and counter money-laundering and enhance measures for the identification, tracing, freezing, seizure and recovery of the proceeds of crime, including money and other assets that have not been accounted for and that are found in safe havens..."
Sources close to the discussion said this major clause was included in the Doha declaration at New Delhi's insistence.
Minister of Law and Justice D V Sadanad Gowda, who is leading a high-level delegation to the Congress, told PTI that "our government has placed a bill in the parliament regarding black money and success in achieving this would require cooperation from the international community and especially countries where such money has been hidden".

"The Doha declaration covers all related issues. Increased globalisation and emergence of new technologies have necessitated greater cooperation among nations. Terror operations in countries are controlled from other parts of the world and the menace can be effectively tackled only if the world community comes together in the fight to control it," Gowda said.
India has also played an important role in getting strong references in the declaration on the issue of terrorism, including foreign terrorist fighters in several paras of the draft. 

------------------
London: British Airways' air-miles accounts, the coding site GitHub and the work chat service Slack have all been targeted in the latest wave of cyber-attacks.

The firms have informed their users of the incidents, reported the BBC.
Complaints about points being stolen from the BA's Executive Club scheme date back at least a fortnight.

One user said that their account had been used by someone to book a hotel room in Spain, while others claimed that their list of transactions showed "ex-gratia" deductions that had wiped out their entire credit.
A spokesman for the British Airways said that it believed that only "a small number" of its frequent flyers were affected.

------------------
London: Cyber crime is probably the biggest risk facing companies across the world, and they need to do more to help governments tackle the problem, U.S. Deputy Treasury Secretary Sarah Bloom Raskin said on Wednesday.

"Each of us must recognise this risk is perhaps the most pressing operational risk of our time," she told the CityWeek conference in London.
Financial services firms were making substantial investments in reinforcing their resilience to cyber attacks but they needed to embed this resilience into their existing business units rather than grafting improvements on top of them, she said.
"Such an approach creates multiple levels of defence," Raskin said.
Shorter term "fixes" included sharing information within the sector, focusing on security of third party vendors used by financial service firms, and engaging in a "proactive preparedness effort", she said.
But the risks went far beyond financial services, she added.
Cyber threats undermined freedom of expression and hampered global economic recovery, and governments needed to ensure international legal principles that respect state sovereignty and human rights apply to conduct online as well as offline, Raskin said.
"We now need to develop consensus around ways to respond to this threat," she told the conference.
The enormity of the task should not be underestimated as combatting cyber crime was like talking about going to Mars and back in a single day, Raskin said.
The number of electronic devices in the world has mushroomed from 500 million in 2003 to 12.5 billion by 2010 and could reach 50 billion by 2020, increasing the opportunity for cyber crime. 

------------------
Jaipur: Security analyst Shaurya Doval on Thursday said counter terrorism is not just the exclusive domain of the state and added that it was important for a society to be involved in this fight.

" Counter terrorism is not just the exclusive domain of the state. It is a wider thing of the society and a society to evolve comprehensive counter terrorism strategies, it is important that the society be involved in this exercise," he told ANI.
"There are about 40-50 experts globally on counter terrorism participating in this conference. Reasons behind terrorism, cyber security, lessons from Mumbai, all are being discussed in the conference," he added.
He also said that the debate on counter terrorism needs to be taken to the civil society so that it can come up with solutions to fight terrorism.
Expressing concern over the growing influence of terrorist outfit ISIS, Union Home Minister Rajnath Singh earlier said that the extremist organisation is inspiring innocent minds with intolerance and violence.

"The appeal of ISIS to the young educated people in spite of its medieval ideology is a cause of concern to the global community," he said while addressing the international conference on counter terrorism in Jaipur.
The three-day long conference on counter-terrorism has been organized by the Rajasthan Government in collaboration with India Foundation and Sardar Patel University of Police, Security and Criminal Justice.

------------------
Hyderabad: A toddy trader was on Friday arrested from here on charge of sending abusive messages to a woman on her social networking account.

A 22-year-old woman had lodged a complaint with Cyber Crime Police last month, stating that one person had been harassing her on Facebook, as he commented in abusive manner on her Facebook profile picture, the police said.
"The arrested person Malyala Rajashekar Goud has a Facebook account. While browsing, he came across the victim's profile and sent a friend request to her, which she accepted. Since then, he started commenting on her profile," a release from Cyber Crime Police said.

"However, she did not respond to Goud's messages. Hurt by the woman's indifference, the accused sent abusive messages on her Facebook account," it said.
After his arrest, the accused confessed to the crime that he used to keep a tab on the victim's profile and had sent abusive messages on the social networking site, it said.

------------------
Kolkata:The rapid expansion of social media has enabled hackers to closely cooperate and group with each other to launch measured attacks, an industry expert said here on Saturday.

"The cyber crime scenario is turning murkier day by day... and social media is providing a fantastic platform for these people (cyber criminals)."
"Cyber criminals may not know each other but when they see money, they share their capabilities," R. Vittal Raj, international vice president of Information Systems Audit and Control Association (ISACA) told IANS on the sidelines of a company event here.
He said despite organisations and chief information officers putting in their best efforts to combat hackers, the cyber criminals are coming up with new strategies to find loopholes in the IT system.
"A new type of threat called Advance Persistent Threat (APT) has emerged where the hacker is patient and takes his own time to understand the system, waits for the right opportunity and finally attacks in a major way," he said.
Raj said there has been a phenomenal jump in cyber attacks since 2013, compared to 2012.

"We are seeing size and complexity of attacks never seen before... this is a new trend in organised crime...," he said.
Anti-virus major McAfee has estimated the cost of malicious cyber activity in 2013 to be in the range of $300 billion to $1 trillion.

------------------
Hyderabad: A software engineer was on Wednesday arrested from Saidabad here on charge of sending abusive mails to his estranged wife residing in the US and to her father in India, police said.

The accused, S Praveen Kumar, had got separated from his wife and two daughters and is fighting the case for maintenance charges in a local court, Cyber Crime Police Inspector Raju said.
"Since the accused felt that he was suffering, he decided to damage the character of his wife and her family members," the police officer said.

He regularly visited an Internet cafe and sent abusive and threatening e-mails to his estranged wife, her father, relatives as well as friends and damaged her character and caused mental agony to her and to her family members.
Following a complaint, a case was booked and during course of investigation, the techie was today arrested, a release from Cyber Crime Police said.

------------------
Washington: Twitter said Monday it was working with law enforcement officials on unspecified threats, amid reports that the social network had been targeted for blocking accounts linked to the Islamic State.

"Our security team is investigating the veracity of these threats with relevant law enforcement officials," a Twitter spokesman said, without elaborating.
The news comes following reports that Twitter had suspended accounts linked to IS and related entities, including the Nigerian Islamic group Boko Haram.
A page on the online bulletin board Pastebin showed an image of Twitter founder Jack Dorsey in what appear to be the crosshairs of a rifle scope and a message in Arabic.
SITE Intelligence, a US group which monitors jihadist threats, said the post was made by Al-Nusra Al-Maqdisiya, a pro-Islamic State media group.
A translation of the message by SITE said that Dorsey and Twitter are now being targeted by Islamic militants for suspending certain accounts.
"You began this failed war, and we have told you from the beginning that it is not your war! But you did not understand. You shut down our accounts and we quickly return, but when our lone lions shut down your breathing there will be no return!," the message said.
Like other social media operators, Twitter has struggled with allowing free speech while avoiding being used as a tool for violence.
Twitter's terms of service bar direct, specific threats against others.
But analysts note that terrorist organizations frequently use Twitter and other social media for recruiting, fundraising and communications.

------------------
Frankfut: US and British spies hacked into the world`s biggest maker of phone SIM cards, allowing them to potentially monitor the calls, texts and emails of billions of mobile users around the world, an investigative news website reported.

The alleged hack on Gemalto, if confirmed, would expand the scope of known mass surveillance methods available to U.S. and British spy agencies to include not just email and web traffic, as previously revealed, but also mobile communications.
The Franco-Dutch company said on Friday it was investigating whether the U.S. National Security Agency (NSA) and Britain`s GCHQ had hacked into its systems to steal encryption keys that could unlock the security settings on billions of mobile phones.
The report by The Intercept site, which cites documents provided by former NSA contractor Edward Snowden, could prove an embarrassment for the U.S. and British governments. It opens a fresh front in the dispute between civil liberties campaigners and intelligence services which say their citizens face a grave threat of attack from militant groups like Islamic State.
It comes just weeks after a British tribunal ruled that GCHQ had acted unlawfully in accessing data on millions of people in Britain that had been collected by the NSA.
The Intercept report said the hack was detailed in a secret 2010 GCHQ document and allowed the NSA and GCHQ to monitor a large portion of voice and data mobile communications around the world without permission from governments, telecom companies or users.
"We take this publication very seriously and will devote all resources necessary to fully investigate and understand the scope of such sophisticated techniques," said Gemalto, whose shares sunk by as much as 10 percent in early trading on Friday, following the report.
The report follows revelations from Snowden in 2013 of the NSA`s Prism programme which allowed the agency to access email and web data handled by the world`s largest Internet companies, including Google, Yahoo and Facebook.
A spokeswoman for Britain`s GCHQ (Government Communication Headquarters) said on Friday that it did not comment on intelligence matters. The NSA could not be immediately reached for comment.
A European security source said that mobile devices were widely used by terrorist groups and that intelligence agencies` attempts to access the communications were justified if they were "authorised, necessary and proportionate." The source did not confirm or deny that the documents were from GCHQ.
The source also said Western agencies would sometimes hold on to data over time in order to decrypt the communications of specific intelligence targets.
The source added that wireless networks in Iran, Afghanistan and Yemen were viewed as having significance intelligence value. These were identified by the Intercept as countries where Britain`s GCHQ intercepted encryption keys used by local wireless network providers.
SURVEILLANCE
The new allegations could boost efforts by major technology firms such as Apple Inc and Google to make strong encryption methods standard in communications devices they sell, moves attacked by some politicians and security officials.
Leaders including U.S. President Barack Obama and British Prime Minister David Cameron have expressed concern that turning such encryption into a mass-market feature could prevent governments from tracking militants planning attacks.
Gemalto makes SIM (Subscriber Identity Module) cards for phones and tablets as well as "chip and pin" bank cards and biometric passports. It produces around 2 billion SIM cards a year and counts Verizon, AT&T Inc and Vodafone among hundreds of wireless network provider customers.
The European security source said that an assertion by The Intercept that GCHQ had taken control of Gemalto`s internal network was speculative and not supported by documentation published by the website.
The Intercept, published by First Look Media, was founded by the journalists who first interviewed Snowden and made headlines around the world with reports on U.S. electronic surveillance programmes.
It published what it said was a secret GCHQ document that said its staff implanted software to monitor Gemalto`s entire network, giving them access to SIM card encryption keys. The report suggested this gave GCHQ, with the backing of the NSA, unlimited access to phone communications using Gemalto SIMs.
French bank Mirabaud said in a research report the attacks appeared to be limited to 2010 and 2011 and were aimed only at older 2G phones widely used in emerging markets, rather than modern smartphones. It did not name the source of these assertions.
Some analysts argued that if a highly security-conscious company like Gemalto is vulnerable, then all of its competitors are as well.

Gemalto competes with several European and Chinese SIM card suppliers. A spokesman for one major rival, Giesecke & Devrien of Germany, told Reuters: "We have no signs that something like that happened to us. We always do everything to protect our customers` data."
But while security experts have long believed spy agencies in many countries have the ability to crack the complex mathematical codes used to encrypt most modern communications, such methods remain costly, limiting their usefulness to targeted hijacking of individual communications.

------------------
New Delhi: A cyber-espionage group based in the Middle East has attacked more than 3,000 victims in about 50 countries across the globe, including India, and has stolen over one million files in the process.

Desert Falcons, a cyber espionage group targeting multiple high profile organizations and individuals from Middle East countries, is believed to be the first known Arabic group of cyber mercenaries to develop and run full-scale cyber-espionage operations and was discovered by Kaspersky Lab's Global Research and Analysis Team.
Experts have multiple reasons to believe that the attackers behind the Desert Falcons were native Arabic speakers and at least 30 people, in three teams, spread across different countries, were operating the Desert Falcons malware campaigns.
The group started developing their operation in 2011 with real infection beginning in 2013. The peak of their activity was registered at the beginning of 2015.
The hackers attack Windows PCs and Android-based devices using proprietary malicious tools such as, spear phishing via e-mails, social networking posts and chat messages. Phishing messages contain malicious files (or a link to malicious files) masquerading as legitimate documents or applications. The group is believed to use several techniques to entice victims into running the malicious files. One of the most specific techniques is the so-called right-to-left extension override trick.
The malicious tools used have full Backdoor functionality, including the ability to take screenshots, log keystrokes, upload/download files, collect information about all Word and Excel files on a victim's Hard Disk or connected USB devices, steal passwords stored in the system registry (Internet Explorer and live Messenger) and make audio recordings. Experts have also found traces of activity of a malware which appeared to be an Android backdoor capable of stealing mobile calls and SMS logs.
Using these tools the Desert Falcons have launched and managed at least three different malicious campaigns targeting different set of victims in different countries.
Dmitry Bestuzhev, security expert at Kaspersky Lab's Global Research and Analysis Team said, "The individuals behind this threat actor are highly determined, active and with good technical, political and cultural insight. We expect this operation to carry on developing more Trojans and using more advanced techniques. With enough funding, they might be able to acquire or develop exploits that would increase the efficiency of their attacks."

The list of targeted victims include Military and Government organizations - particularly employees responsible for countering money laundering as well as health and the economy; leading media outlets; research and education institutions; energy and utilities providers; activists and political leaders; physical security companies; and other targets in possession of important geopolitical information.
The main focus of Desert Falcons' activity appears to be in countries such as Egypt, Palestine, Israel and Jordan, multiple victims were also found in Qatar, KSA, UAE, Algeria, Lebanon, Norway, Turkey, Sweden, France, the United States, Russia and other countries.

------------------
Mumbai: Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Saturday appreciated the role played by the Advocates Association of Western India (AAWI) over 150 years and said that legal professionals have contributed a lot during the freedom struggle.

The Prime Minister also said that the responsibility of providing `quality justice` to the people of the nation lies with both judiciary and the lawyers.
"A Bar Association completing 150 years is a very big thing. Those from legal profession and those from the sphere of education contributed a lot in our freedom struggle," Prime Minister Modi said while addressing at the Sesquicentennial Function of the Advocates Association of Western India in Mumbai.
"Quality justice is not solely dependent on the judiciary today. It depends on the lawyers, their practice, their references and their flair to efficiently argue and put forth facts," he added.
Prime Minister said that the world is looking towards India with great hope because the investor community across the world trusts the independence of India`s judicial system.
He further called for new approach to fight the rising menace of `cyber crime`.
"The crime scenario is changing; cyber crime is the new entrant but how are we supposed to fight it with an old-school approach? Govt`s main chore is to make laws, but the quality manpower required for drafting these laws is not adequate, I feel," he said.

The Prime Minister said laws are sometimes not drafted well, and therefore lead to multiple interpretations. He said the bar associations can play a significant role in drafting good laws with minimum grey areas. He said training in drafting of laws is essential.


------------------
WASHINGTON: Calling the destructive cyberattack on Sony Pictures "a game changer," a top White House official on Tuesday announced a new intelligence unit to coordinate analysis of cyberthreats, modeled on similar U.S. government efforts to fight terrorism.

Lisa Monaco, President Barack Obama`s homeland security and counterterrorism adviser, said the new agency will rapidly pool and disseminate data on cyberbreaches, which she said are ballooning in size and sophistication, to U.S. agencies.
"Currently, no single government entity is responsible for producing coordinated cyber threat assessments" and sharing the information rapidly, Monaco said in remarks at the Wilson Center think tank in Washington.
The new agency, the Cyber Threat Intelligence Integration Center, "is intended to fill these gaps," she said.
Obama has moved cybersecurity to the top of his 2015 agenda after recent hacking attacks against Sony, Home Depot Inc, Anthem Inc and Target Corp as well as the federal government itself.
U.S. officials have described the Sony attack as particularly worrying because hackers stole data, debilitated computers and pressured the studio to halt release of a satirical film about North Korean leader Kim Jong-un. The FBI took the unusual step of publicly accusing North Korea of being behind the cyberattack.
Obama will host a "cyber summit" with industry and government leaders at Stanford University in California on Friday.
Industry executives lauded Obama`s increased focus on cybersecurity, but some questioned whether a new government agency is the answer, and whether it should be part of the secretive U.S. intelligence community.
Responsibility for cybersecurity is already spread across the U.S. government, including the National Security Agency, Department of Homeland Security, FBI, and the U.S. military`s Cyber Command.
"Is this going to be effective? Is it another reorg(anization)?" said Amit Yoran, president of security firm RSA.
Still, Yoran said, the series of high-profile attacks showed that change was needed. "We aren`t getting the cyber job done," he said.
"I do think it is redundant," said Tom Kellermann, chief cybersecurity officer at Trend Micro Inc. "You don`t necessarily need a new center," he said, noting the existence of a similar Homeland Security unit that shares cyberthreat information with the private sector.
Monaco rejected the criticism. She said the new unit, which is expected to be relatively small, will not overlap existing agencies that have operations that investigate and disrupt cyberattacks. Instead it will rapidly feed them timely intelligence.
"This is filling a critical gap," she said.
Rep. Michael McCaul, chairman of the House Committee on Homeland Security, welcomed efforts to improve U.S. government coordination on cyberbreaches.
"Streamlining the process by which information is shared between the intelligence community and civilian government counterparts ... is a good first step," the Texas Republican said in a statement. 
Monaco renewed a White House plea for Congress to pass legislation encouraging companies to share data from cyberattacks with the government and with each other.
Past efforts were stymied by liability issues and privacy concerns. Last month, Obama proposed legislation to strike a balance, offering liability protection to companies that provide information in near real time to the government, while requiring them to delete personal data.

------------------
Washington: The Obama administration unveiled plans Tuesday for a new US intelligence center to integrate information about cyber threats, aiming for the same kind of coordination used to battle terrorism.

The Cyber Threat Intelligence Integration Center will be led by the Director of National Intelligence and will "analyze and integrate information already collected under existing authorities," said Lisa Monaco, a special adviser to President Barack Obama for homeland security and counterterrorism.
Monaco told a forum at the Woodrow Wilson Center in Washington that the government`s response to cyber attacks and threats must follow the same model as the response to terrorism after the attacks of September 11, 2001.
"We need to develop the same muscle memory in the government response to cyber threats as we have for terrorist incidents," she said.
Monaco noted that the attack on Sony Pictures last year -- which Washington blamed on North Korea -- was "a game changer, because it wasn`t about profit; it was about a dictator trying to impose censorship and prevent the exercise of free expression."
She said the threats in cyberspace have been rising and pose serious risks to the nation."No one, it seems, is immune -- from health care companies and universities to the tech industry, critical infrastructure and entertainment sector," Monaco said.
"Inside the US government, we know that state and non-state actors, terrorists, hackers and criminals are probing our networks every day -- seeking to steal, spy, manipulate and destroy data."
A senior administration official said earlier that the new entity "will be a national cyber threat intelligence center that will `connect the dots` between various cyber threats to the nation so that relevant departments and agencies are aware of these threats in as close to real time as possible," the official said.
The mission will be similar to that of the National Counterterrorism Center -- to integrate data on foreign cyber threats and ensure that US government centers responsible for cybersecurity have access to intelligence and tools to respond to threats.
Obama has launched a fresh effort to persuade Congress to pass legislation to encourage better cooperation between the government and private sector, an effort stalled since his first proposal in 2011.
Earlier efforts on cybersecurity legislation have stalled amid opposition from civil libertarians who feared it could allow too much government snooping and conservatives who argued it would create a new bureaucracy.
One contentious part of the proposal is a shield of liability for companies that share information about cyber threats with the Department of Homeland Security.
Monaco said the government needs to coordinate better with the private sector to combat cyber threats.
"We`re not going to bottle up our intelligence -- if we have information about a significant threat to a business, we`re going to do our utmost to share it," she said.
But Monaco also maintained that the flow of information should "go both ways."

"When companies share information with us about a major cyber intrusion or a potentially debilitating denial of service attack, they can expect us to respond quickly," she said.
"We will provide as much information as we can about the threat to assist companies in protecting their networks and critical information."


------------------
New Delhi: CBI on Monday said that a "fresh look" needs to be taken at the specific global laws and protocols which are necessary to effectively crack down on the menace of cyber crime and web-enabled financial frauds.

Inaugurating a week-long training programme on "Financial Offences and Cyber Crimes", CBI Director Anil Sinha said that "the problems of today cannot be solved by using the skills and knowledge of yesterday."
"Anonymity and connectivity of cyber world have enabled white collar criminals to exploit financial systems from far away jurisdictions, which not only makes detection and prosecution of economic offences difficult, but the recovery of the proceeds of crimes stashed away in different nations also becomes more complex," he said.
Sinha underlined the need for an efficient and dynamic capacity-building programme and the "need to have a fresh look at the legislations and protocols to enable better international cooperation to tackle the emerging challenges in the 21st century".
The training module is being conducted for officers from different law enforcement agencies of 11 African nations with a special impetus on investigation of economic offences and cyber crimes.
Sinha said that the transnational and multi- jurisdictional nature of economic and cyber crimes has emerged as one of the major challenges for law enforcement agencies across the world.
He also stressed on the need to have joint investigations to tackle organised crime network of human trafficking across the globe.
The CBI chief asked the officers participating in the training to reach out to their international counterparts and domain experts in the relevant areas in order to break the existing boundaries of thought and bring new understanding into practice.
The said programme has been conducted since 2010 for African nations under the aegis of the India-Africa forum summit and the ministries of Home Affairs and External Affairs.

The topics expected to be discussed during the programme include criminal intelligence in financial fraud, frauds in financial sector, wildlife crimes, collection and analysis of mobile phone data, including freeware and commercial software, forensic accounting and its use in detecting economic crimes, counterfeit currency and forgery of documents.
Also to be taken up is the examination of fraudulent travel documents, e-banking fraud and online financial frauds, combating drug trafficking, chit-fund fraud and e-marketing frauds, analysis of CDR and cell sites and investigation of money laundering and foreign exchange-related cases.

------------------
Mohanlalganj: Decrying knowledge without values, Union Home Minister Rajnath Singh on Saturday said technical degrees held by youths become meaningless if they get involved in terror activities.

In a subtle reference to instances of computer and IT engineers committing cyber crimes and often indulging in terrorism, Singh said education without values was doing more harm than good.
"Today, there are two ideologies. On one hand youths are bringing laurels to the country, while on the other there are those possessing technical degrees, who are involved in terror activities," he said.
Knowledge was not everything and it must have moral values attached to it, he said while inaugurating Balram Krishna Academy here.
The Home Minister said he was of the view that serious efforts were not made on the education front after Independence.
"It is my personal view there were some shortcomings on making serious efforts on education front. Even after 68 years of Independence, a large number of population is still illiterate," he said.
"The situation is such that a class VI student cannot read level three textbooks. If every person becomes literate and there is skill development, no power can stop all-round growth of the country," he said.
Singh said that as Education Minister of Uttar Pradesh, he had brought Anti-copying Act.
"We decided that those indulging in such practices will be put behind the bars. I also made a plan that education till class V should be imparted in mother tongue. Those who think that all knowledge comes from English are ignorant," he said.
The Union Minister said Lord Macaulay disconnected the country from its ancient culture.
"We became a victim of that. No other country possess the knowledge that India has. Even Pythagoras Theorem is copy of India. Foreign scholars have admitted this," he said.
Singh said though foreign scholars considered Upnishad's philosophy as a product of highest wisdom, people here were not ready to accept it.
Attacking western culture, he said the old tradition of touching feet of elders and teachers must be maintained.
"This creates an emotional relation. What is this drama of 'hello dad' and 'hi mom'. This is my request to all to inculcate values in your children," he said recalling his school days.
"Don't let your children get disconnected from our traditional values," he said.

Singh said today politics has lost its meaning.
"Politics comprises two words -- 'Raj' and 'Niti'. Efforts are to re-establish its relevance in India," he said. 

------------------
New York: Frauds such as online ponzi schemes have skimmed at least $11 million in Bitcoin deposits from unsuspecting cyber customers over the past four years, a study says.

Bitcoin is the digital world`s most popular virtual currency, with millions in circulation.
"Our calculation of $11 million is almost certainly at the low-end," said lead researcher Marie Vasek from Southern Methodist University in the US.
"The amount of Bitcoin that depositors have lost to these scams is probably many millions more," Vasek added.
The researchers identified 41 scams occurring between 2011 and 2014, in which fraudulent sites stole Bitcoin from at least 13,000 victims.
"We found that the most successful scams draw the vast majority of their revenue from a few victims," Vasek said.
The researchers were only able to track revenues for about 21 percent of the scams, which would indicate that the amount of Bitcoin actually stolen most likely far exceeds $11 million.
There are 13.7 million Bitcoin in circulation, according to blockchain.info. The number of Bitcoin transactions exceeds 100,000 per day.
The researchers identified four common scams by tracking forum discussions, where scams are often initially advertised and later exposed, and by tracking web sites.
Of all the scams, high-yield investment programmes, otherwise known as online Ponzi schemes, which promise investors outlandish interest rates on deposits, have taken in the lion`s share of money from victims, the study noted.
The other three scams identified by the researchers are - mining investment scams, scam wallets and exchange scams.
The findings were presented at the 2015 19th International Financial Cryptography and Data Security Conference in San Juan, Puerto Rico. 

------------------
Beijing: Almost one billion pornographic and harmful posts in 2014 have been self-inspected and deleted by Chinese websites in an Internet cleanup operation.

"Authorities also closed down about 2,200 websites and 20 million online forums, blogs and social media accounts that had spread erotic and illegal content," said Ren Xianliang, deputy head of the Cyberspace Administration of China (CAC).
During the operation, all domestic gateway websites have well cooperated.
"Among the one billion deleted posts, 220 million were on four leading gateway websites, namely Sina, Sohu, Tencent and Netease. Two major search engines Baidu and Qihoo 360 deleted 130 million posts," state-run Xinhua news agency reported.
Under CAC supervision, major websites tightened their internal management, adding more staff and applying new systems to improve internal inspection, he said.
However, misconduct has rebounded since late last year, he admitted, adding that even some major websites posted erotic and disturbing content to appeal to viewers.
The cyberspace management departments of Beijing, Shanghai and Guangzhou today respectively summoned the operators of about 50 major websites, pressing them to step up internal inspection and discipline.
In September last year CAC has closed nearly 1.8 million accounts on social networking and instant messaging services since launching an anti-pornography campaign in April.

------------------
Washington: US President Barack Obama and British Prime Minister David Cameron, meeting in Washington on Friday, are expected to announce a newly strengthened partnership against cyber-crime.

Cameron, on his fourth visit to the White House, is also the first European leader to meet with Obama since the deadly jihadist attacks in Paris, so global security will be on the agenda.
After a private working dinner on Thursday evening, the two leaders met on Friday morning in the Oval Office. A joint press conference was planned for after the meeting.
On Thursday, Cameron had vowed progress on the "new threat" of cyber security.
"Cyber security and cyber attacks are one of the big modern threats that we face," the British leader stressed Friday to the BBC.
"We should combine ... (to) set up cyber cells on both sides of the Atlantic to share information and to work out not only how we best protect ourselves but how we create a system where countries and hostile states and hostile organizations know they shouldn`t attack us."
In a video posted on Twitter shortly before his arrival in the US capital on Thursday, Cameron had promised "important announcements" on the issue.
The two leaders are expected to announce the creation of a joint cell to fight cyber-crime, bringing together intelligence agencies from the two countries, British media have reported.
Members of Britain`s electronic spying agency (GCHQ, or Government Communications Headquarters) and of its MI5 spy agency would work with their US counterparts from the FBI and the National Security Agency, with the aim of improving information sharing between the two sides.
As if to illustrate the partnership, a young hacker -- suspected of taking part in the worldwide attacks that shut down Sony`s PlayStation and Microsoft`s Xbox gaming platforms over Christmas -- was arrested Friday in a joint operation with the FBI and British police.
The two sides are also planning exercises to simulate attacks against the financial sector, including the Bank of England and others, for later this year.On a more sensitive issue, Cameron is also expected to urge increased controls on secure communications. The question of the degree of cooperation with US tech titans like Facebook, Twitter, and Google to detect possible threats should also be addressed.
Asked about plans for closer cooperation Thursday, White House spokesman Josh Earnest was cautious.
"It is imperative that we properly balance the need for government intelligence agencies and national security agencies to have access to certain kinds of information to try to protect their citizens.
"At the same time, it is critically important for the government to protect the privacy of their citizens," he said.
The topic is sensitive in the United States since Edward Snowden in 2013 revealed the extent to which the National Security Agency scoops up telephone and Internet data.
Reforms of US surveillance efforts are ongoing.
In an editorial headlined "Wrong Responses to Charlie Hebdo," the New York Times argued Cameron`s proposals "would make the Internet less secure without necessarily hampering terrorists."
Cameron and Obama had vowed, in a joint statement Thursday, to fight terrorism while defending free expression, rights, and democracy.
They are also determined to continue to pressure Russia over its "aggressive actions" in Ukraine.
They said the recent upsurge of fighting in the pro-Russian east could lead to a serious continental conflict.

On the economic front, the leaders are likely to discuss free trade agreements between the US and the European Union that has been promoted as a job creator.
Obama, 53, is beginning his last two years in office, while Cameron, 48, is preparing for general elections in May that are expected to be very close and could mark the end of his coalition government.

------------------
Washington: US President Barack Obama has said that he will introduce a new legislation to step up and standardise data protection on the Internet, for guarding the identity and privacy of Americans from commercial interests.

"We're introducing a new legislation to create a single, strong national standard so Americans know when their information has been stolen or misused," Obama said in his speech at Federal Trade Commission, yesterday.
Right now almost every state has a different law on this and it's confusing for consumers and it is confusing for companies. And it is costly, too, to have to comply to this patchwork of laws, he said.
"Sometimes folks don't even find out their credit card information has been stolen until they see charges on their bill and then it's too late. So under the new standard that we're proposing, companies would have to notify consumers of a breach within 30 days," he said.
"In addition, we're proposing to close loopholes in the law so we can go after more criminals who steal and sell the identities of Americans, even when they do it overseas," he added.
Obama said that more banks, credit card issuers and lenders are stepping up and equipping Americans with another weapon against identity theft and that's access to their credit scores free-of-charge.
They include JPMorgan Chase, Bank of America, USAA, State Employees Credit Union, Ally Financial.
The administration, he said, is also going to be introducing new legislation, a consumer privacy bill of rights to better help customers control how their data is shared.
"We've identified some basic principles to both protect personal privacy and ensure that industry can keep innovating. We believe that there ought to be some basic baseline protections across industries," he said.
"Finally, we are taking a series of actions to protect the personal information and privacy of our children. Those of us with kids know how hard this can be. Whether they are texting or tweeting or on Facebook or Instagram, our children are meeting up, and they are growing up in cyber space. It is all pervasive," he said.
"We need a structure that ensures that information is not being gathered without us as parents or the kids knowing it. We want our kids' privacy protected, wherever they sign on or log on, including at school," said the US President as he proposed the Student Digital Privacy Act.
"That's pretty straightforward. We're saying that data collected on students in the classroom should only be used for educational purposes, to teach our children, not to market to our children.
"We pioneered the Internet, but we also pioneered the Bill of Rights. And the sense that each of us, as individuals, you know, have a sphere of privacy around us that should not be breached, whether by our government, but also by commercial interests," Obama said. 

------------------
New Delhi: With cyber crime growing at a menacing pace amid dynamic changes in technology, the "threat landscape" has become larger and policies need to evolve continuously to contain it, CERT-IN Director Gulshan Rai said today.

The number of Internet users in the country is growing at a rapid pace as more and more people log onto the Web through handheld devices like mobile phones and tablets, he said.
"We are in an era where surveillance is becoming difficult as technology is constantly evolving... There is no permanent solution. The government has taken a lot of steps... Comprehensive steps need to be taken to collaborate and evolve (regulation and policies)," Rai said at an event organised by the Observer Research Foundation (ORF).
Rai clarified however that this was his personal view.
"We estimate that there are over 400 million Internet users in the country. The Internet penetration was at about 10 per cent in 2011 and we expect it to touch 28 per cent by the end of this year. Traffic is also growing at a very strong pace. India is poised to become one of the largest Internet economies," he said.
Rai added that the threat landscape has grown larger as IT has become an essential component of all sectors.

According to government data, from 2011 to 2014 (till May), a total number of 21,699, 27,605 (in 2012), 28,481 (in 2013) and 9,174 Indian websites were hacked by various hacker groups spread across worldwide.
In addition, during these years, a total number of 13,301, 22,060, 71,780 and 62,189 security incidents, respectively, were reported to the Computer Emergency Response Team-India (CERT-In).

------------------
New York: Some international fraudsters are exploiting the tech-savvy reputation of Indians to trick computer users into giving them access to their machines by pretending to be from Microsoft. Now the technology giant is fighting back suing several companies, including an Indian one, alleging they falsely claimed to be Microsoft-affiliated technical support.

"In its first big strike against technical support scamming companies, Microsoft`s Digital Crimes Unit (DCU) filed a civil lawsuit in federal court in the central district of California against Omnitech Support and related entities for unfair and deceptive business practices and trademark infringement," a Microsoft spokesperson told IANS Tuesday.
One of the companies named in the case filed recently is C-Cubed Solutions Private Limited, which the court papers said is "a private business company formed under the laws of India" that operates the mail server through which "fraudulent technical support businesses communicate with customers".
Microsoft`s suit said that 3.3 million Americans fall victim to technical support scams every year and lose $1.5 billion.
Describing the fraud, senior Microsoft attorney Courtney Gregoire wrote in a company blog, "These scammers claim to find non-existent computer viruses and infections then con people out of their hard-earned money for bogus tech support, in addition to stealing personal and financial information or even installing new malicious software." Microsoft has received over 65,000 complaints about such scams since May, she wrote.
The court papers specifically mention alleged frauds using web sites and phone numbers from the sites leading to scammers that Microsoft said it had investigated.
Many people in the US have reported receiving telephone calls - in several instances from persons speaking with an Indian accent and using Indian names - claiming to be from Microsoft or a related organisations and saying a problem has been discovered in their computer.
In a typical call a person identifying himself as "Raj" from Microsoft called from a number with a Washington, DC, telephone area code and claimed that the company had identified a problem with the computer. Asked in one instance how he knew about the problem and if he had hacked the computer, "Raj" said he had. When he was told that hacking was a crime, he hung up.
Unwary computer users who take the bait are asked to visit a web site or to download a program, which will introduce a malware that can collect information like logons and financial data or be used to spread the malware. The information collected can be used for identity theft. In other cases, they ask for remote access to the computer and demand credit card numbers to collect their fees.
According to Snopes, a website that tracks internet misinformation and fraud, people in several countries, including Canada, Australia, New Zealand, Ireland, and England, have received such calls.
Microsoft`s lawsuit filed Dec 18 names three companies, besides C-Cubed Solutions, and two individuals. It said that Marc Haberman, Rachel Eilat Haberman, and Jay Wurzberger were among C-Cubed Solutions` directors.
The main reason for the alleged scammers` success, the suit said, "is that they create an impression that they represent or have an association with Microsoft". Through this they divert "consumers from identifying and contacting a legitimate technical service provider for their service needs", the complaint added.
"Consumers will never receive a call from Microsoft or our partners asking for a credit card number to charge for computer fixes," the Microsoft spokesperson said. "Our guidance for consumers is to never provide your personal information to unsolicited callers and or e-mailers, and if they are having a problem with their PC, contact Microsoft customer service and support."
The US Federal Trade Commission advised consumers, "If you get a call from someone who claims to be a tech support person, hang up and call the company yourself on a phone number you know to be genuine. A caller who creates a sense of urgency or uses high-pressure tactics is probably a scam artist."

------------------
Washington: A member of Europe's oldest hacker collective, the Chaos Computer Club has claimed to have developed a method to copy fingerprints using a common digital camera.

According to CNET, Jan Krissler's demonstration included creating a digital copy of a fingerprint of Germany's federal minister of defense, Ursula von der Leyen, using commercially available software called VeriFinger.
However, Von der Leyen's office refused to comment on the issue and one representative said that she was unaware of any such demonstration.
Krissler's presentation questions the efficacy of scanners used for fingerprints as a security measure. 

------------------
New Delhi: Cyber criminals are looking at ways to exploit tech giant Apple's recently-launched digital payment solution Apple Pay, according to top cyber security solutions firm Trend Micro.

Even though no actual attacks on Apple Pay have been reported yet, Trend Micro's 'Security Prediction for 2015 and Beyond' warned that cyber criminals will increase attacks on mobile payment systems.
"It's safe to assume that as early as now, the bad guys are already looking for vulnerabilities to exploit in Apple Pay. They will continue to scrutinise NFC (Near Field Communications) as well," Trend Micro said.
Apple Pay is a mobile payment and digital wallet service by Apple Inc. It lets certain Apple mobile devices make payments at retail and online checkout.
Trend Micro said though it is yet to see actual attacks and attempts to breach Apple Pay ecosystem comprising of NFC and Passbook (which holds users' card information), cyber crooks used the latest iPhones as social engineering bait two months before they were even launched.
"We will see new threats specifically target mobile payment platforms in the next few months akin to the Android FakeID vulnerability, which allowed cyber criminals to steal affected users' Google Wallet credentials," it said.
According to Apple website, Apple Pay is "more secure" than using a traditional credit or debit card as card number and identity aren't shared with the merchant, and actual card numbers aren't stored on Apple device or on Apple servers.
Trend Micro VP (Technology and Solutions) JD Sherry said the payment ecosystem will continue to evolve.
"Massive transformation is upon us and we will continue to see threat actors trying to manipulate NFC as certain platforms gain momentum due to their significant following and user's penchant for adopting the latest and greatest technology," Sherry added.
The report also added that targeted attack campaigns will continue to multiply in 2015, after cyber criminals had noteworthy breaches via targeted attacks in the US and China.
"Trend Micro's threat defense experts predict hackers within countries such as Vietnam, the UK and India will pursue the use of targeted attacks and we will see attacks against non-traditional countries like we've seen recently against Malaysia and Indonesia based organisations," it added.
Besides, threats around banking will continue to become more severe as more unique cyber crime attacks against financial institutions emerge, the report said. 

------------------
New Delhi: Hacking, publication of obscene contents, credit card and banking frauds among other cyber crimes have registered an annual increase of more than 40 percent in the country in the past two years.

According to Home Ministry statistics, as many as 71,780 cyber frauds were reported in 2013, while 22,060 such cases were reported in 2012. There have been 62,189 incidents of cyber frauds till June this year.
In 2013, a total of 28,481 Indian websites were hacked by various hacker groups spread across the globe. The number of hacking incidents were 27,605 in 2012 and 21,699 in 2011.
Obscene publication, transmission of unauthorised contents, credit card and banking frauds are the widespread cyber crime faced worldwide. Other cases include phishing, scanning, spam, malicious code and website intrusions.
There has been an annual increase of more than 40 percent in cyber crime cases registered in the country during the past two-three years, a Home Ministry official said.
India with a fast growing economy is susceptible to international and domestic cyber attacks and there is a need to ensure cyber crime-free environment, the official said.
The cyber attacks have been observed to be originating from the cyber space of a number of countries including the US, Europe, Brazil, Turkey, China, Pakistan, Bangladesh, Algeria and the UAE.
It has been observed that the attackers compromise systems located in different parts of the world and user masquerading techniques and hidden servers to hide the identity of the actual system from which the attacks are being launched.
Cyber space is virtual, borderless and anonymous due to which it becomes difficult to actually trace the origin of a cyber attack, the official said.
As per the cyber crime data maintained by National Cyber Records Bureau, a total of 1,791, 2,876 and 4,356 cases were registered under the Information Technology Act in 2011, 2012 and 2013, respectively. A total of 422, 601 and 1,337 cases were registered under cyber crime related sections of the Indian Penal Code in 2011, 2012 and 2013, respectively.
Home Minister Rajnath Singh has said in Parliament recently that there was a need to strengthen cyber monitoring in the wake of growing use of Internet and social media by global terror outfits like ISIS to indoctrinate the youth. 
The Home Minister was responding to concerns raised by MPs in the wake of arrest of Bangalore professional Mehdi Masroor Biswas for operating a pro-ISIS Twitter account.
Arif Majid, one of the Mumbai youths, who had gone to the ISIS-controlled territories in Iraq and Syria, told police after his return that they were indoctrinated to extremist ideology through Internet contents.
Concerned over 40 percent annual increase in cyber crimes, the government has set up an expert group to chalk out strategies for effective tackling of the menace.
The five-member expert study group will prepare a road map for effectively tackling cyber crime in the country and give suitable recommendations on all its facets. 

------------------
Hyderabad: Cyber crime in Hyderabad showed a significant 37 per cent rise this year with offences such as sending objectionable or "stalking" text messages or emails being most common, the city police said on Saturday.

While the overall crime cases registered an increase of 10 per cent -- from 19,110 last year to 21,035 this year, there was a sharp rise in rape cases, Hyderabad police commissioner M Mahender Reddy today said.
The cases registered under the Indian Penal Code (IPC) stood at 16,537, a little more than 16,359 in 2013, he said while releasing annual crime statistics for the city.
Cyber crime cases showed almost 37 per cent increase from 479 in 2013 to 655 this year, with the offences of "stalking SMS" and e-mails topping the list (105), followed by that of uploading fake profiles of women on social media platforms (90 this year from last year's 16).
Online frauds rose to 18 from six last year; debit and credit card frauds increased to 61 from 29.
There were 14 cases of 'Nigerian lottery' scam, against eight in 2013.
The crime against women, however, saw a decline to 2,790 cases this year compared with 3,173 last year. However, the cases of rape showed an increase: 145 this year against 102 in 2013.

"Yes, the number of rape cases has gone up. In the last few years the graph has been on the rise. In our analysis we have a feeling that more women are coming forward and lodging complaints. We are encouraging women to come out and lodge complaints," Reddy said.
On the rise in cyber crime, he said the use of computers and IT and other digital technologies in various public domains has increased, which can explain the phenomenon.

------------------
Mumbai: Mumbai Police have bagged an award for initiating proactive steps to tackle cyber crime and building capacities to address investigation needs of online space.

The city police beat their Uttarakhand and Madhya Pradesh counterparts to bag 'Excellence in Capacity Building of Law Enforcement Agencies' award instituted by NASSCOM/DSCI.
NASSCOM is a top body of Indian IT and BPO industry, while DSCI is an independent, self-regulatory organisation established by it to promote data protection, security and privacy best practices.
On behalf of Mumbai Police, the award was received by Deputy Commissioner of Police (Detection, Crime Branch) Dhananjay Kulkarni at a function here early this month.
Kulkarni today explained the steps taken by the police to curb cyber crimes in the financial capital.
"As cyber crimes emerged as a big challenge for law enforcement agencies in India, Mumbai Police set up a special cell in December 2000 to handle offences taking place in the virtual world," he said.
Cyber Crime Investigation Cell in handling such cases.
With its growing economy, huge IT industry, increasing rollout of e-Governance and online applications and burgeoning tech-savvy generation of citizens, the organised cyber criminals have been finding numerous platforms to lure and trap victims, he added.
As dimensions of security problem increased manifold in online space, police launched Mumbai Cyber Lab (MCL) in 2004 in a bid to quickly scale up capacity to fight cyber crimes. In addition to this, the lab has been training law enforces in cyber crime investigations and cyber forensics.

Maharashtra's first full-fledged Cyber Police Station was set up in 2009 in suburban Bandra, Kulkarni added.
The award recognises the relentless efforts by Mumbai Police over the years to tackle unlawful activities taking place in the cyer world, the DCP added.

------------------
New Delhi: Home Minister Rajnath Singh Wednesday approved the setting up of an expert group to prepare a roadmap for effectively tackling cyber crimes in the country.

"A five member group consisting academicians and professionals has been set up to prepare a road map to tackle cyber crime in country. It will give suitable recommendations on all its facets," a government release said.
It said that director general of Centre For Development of Advanced Computing (CDAC) Pune Rajat Moona, professor of Indian Institute of Science in Bengaluru Krishnan, director general of Indian Computer Emergency Response Team (CERT-In) Gulshan Rai, professor of Computer Science at IIT Kanpur Manindra Aggarwal and IIIT Bengaluru professor D. Dass are among the five expert team members.
The government release said Ministry of Home Affairs (MHA) joint secretary Kumar Alok has been chosen as the convenor of the team.
"The cyber expert group will recommend possible partnerships with public and private sector, non government organisations (NGOs), international bodies and international NGOs. The group may take special measures to tackle cyber crimes," the release said.

Rajnath Singh said with a fast growing economy, India is susceptible to international and domestic cyber attacks and there is a need to ensure cyber crime free environment.
"There has been almost 40 percent annual increase in cyber crimes registered in the country during the past three years," said the release.

------------------
Los Angeles: Sony Pictures has threatened Twitter with legal action unless it removes confidential material stolen from the movie company's computers that someone has posted on the social networking site.

The threat is the latest fallout from the hacking of the movie studio, which US officials have blamed on North Korea.
A group calling itself "Guardians of Peace" took credit for infiltrating Sony's computer systems in retribution for plans to release the film "The Interview", which mocked North Korean leader Kim Jong-Un.
The hackers destroyed numerous Sony computer files and published several embarrassing emails containing unflattering remarks about movie stars and confidential celebrity pay information.
Some of that material now has been posted on Twitter, said an attorney for Sony Pictures Entertainment (SPE), David Boies, in a December 22 letter to the company's lawyer, demanding that it be removed.
"Someone using the Twitter account name: @bikinirobotarmy is in possession of, and is using this Twitter account to publish SPE's stolen documents and information," Boies said in a copy of the letter posted on the Scribd.Com website.
In the letter addressed to Twitter's general counsel Vijaya Gadde, Boies asked that the Twitter account be suspended.
If the company fails to comply, Boies wrote, "SPE will have no choice but to hold Twitter responsible for any damage or loss arising from such use or dissemination by Twitter, including any damages or loss to SPE or others, and including, but not limited to, any loss of value of intellectual property and trade secrets resulting from Twitter's actions."
Meanwhile, in a separate development, some 250 independent movie theater owners expressed "solidarity" with Sony Pictures on the change.Org website.
The art house cinema owners "reaffirm clearly our dedication to the value of freedom and the absolute necessity to keep our film industry free of restriction, censorship and violent intimidation," they wrote, encouraging independent movie houses to dare to show the film.
Just last week, Hollywood star George Clooney slammed the industry for failing to stand up against the cyber threats that ultimately led Sony Pictures to cancel The Interview's planned Christmas Day release.
No one, the actor said, was brave enough to sign the petition, fearing that doing so could make them vulnerable to a hacking attack like the one that befell Sony. 

------------------
Washington: President Barack Obama Sunday described the Sony hacking case as a costly act of "cyber vandalism", but did not call it an act of war and said the US is mulling whether or not to place North Korea back onto its list of state sponsors of terrorism.

"No, I don't think it was an act of war. I think it was an act of cyber vandalism that was very costly, very expensive. We take it very seriously," Obama said.
"We're going to review those through a process that's already in place," the president said in an interview on CNN's "State of the Union."
"And we don't make those judgements just based on the news of the day. We look systematically at what's been done and based on those facts, we'll make those determinations in the future."
The FBI on Friday pinned blame on North Korea for a hack into Sony's computer systems. Obama said both foreign governments and hackers outside government present cyber threats that are part of the modern business landscape.
"We take it very seriously. We will respond proportionally, as I said," Obama said.
"We're going to be in an environment in this new world where so much is digitalised that both state and non-state actors are going to have the capacity to disrupt our lives in all sort of ways. We have to do a much better job of guarding against that," he said.
"We have to treat it like we would treat the incidents of crime in our countries. When other countries are sponsoring it, we take it very seriously. But that's something that I think we can manage through, as long as public, private sector is working together," said the US President.
Obama reiterated that if the Sony had contacted it earlier, it would have advised them against cancelling the release of its movie 'The Interview'.
"I was pretty sympathetic to the fact that they have got business considerations they have got to make. Had they talked to me directly about this decision, I might have called the movie theatre chains and distributors and asked them what the story was," Obama said.
The film about a fictional CIA plot to kill the country's leader infuriated North Korea.
"What I was laying out was a principle that I think this country has to abide by. We believe in free speech. We believe in the right of artistic expression and satire and things that powers that be might not like," he said.
"If we set a precedent in which a dictator in another country can disrupt, through cyber, you know, a company's distribution chain or its products, and, as a consequence, we start censoring ourselves, that's a problem," Obama said.
"We have got to work with the private sector and the private sector has to work together to harden their sites. But, in the meantime, when there's a breach, we have to go after the wrongdoer. We can't start changing how we operate," Obama said.
North Korea, meanwhile, threatened to hit back at the White House and other US targets if Washington sanctioned it for an alleged hacking attack. The country?s top military body, the National Defence Commission (NDC), again denied involvement in the hacking. 

------------------
New Delhi: Cyber crime has become a challenge and this needs to be addressed by taking a relook at the IT Act and revamping criminal laws, government told the Rajya Sabha Wednesday.

"This is a challenge before the government. In order to counter the challenge, IT Act needs to be relooked," Minister of State for Home Kiren Rijiju said during Question Hour.
He said there was a need to "revamp" the criminal laws such as IPC and CRPC to counter the growing menace of cyber crime which has "no boundaries."
The minister was responding to a question on details of legislative and other measures have been taken to prevent cyber crimes.
The Information Technology Act, 2000 was amended in 2008 to address all forms of cyber crimes. The Department of Electronics and Information Technology has taken various measures under the IT Act to address the menace of cyber crime.
For prevention of cyber crimes, government has formulated action plan, which includes technical, administrative, legal and capacity building measures to effectively address the issue. 

------------------
New Delhi:Cyber crime has become a challenge and this needs to be addressed by taking a relook at the IT Act and revamping criminal laws, government told the Rajya Sabhaon Wednesday.

"This is a challenge before the government. In order to counter the challenge, IT Act needs to be relooked," Minister of State for Home Kiren Rijiju said during Question Hour.
He said there was a need to "revamp" the criminal laws such as IPC and CRPC to counter the growing menace of cyber crime which has "no boundaries."
The minister was responding to a question on details of legislative and other measures have been taken to prevent cyber crimes.

The Information Technology Act, 2000 was amended in 2008 to address all forms of cyber crimes. The Department of Electronics and Information Technology has taken various measures under the IT Act to address the menace of cyber crime.
For prevention of cyber crimes, government has formulated action plan, which includes technical, administrative, legal and capacity building measures to effectively address the issue.

------------------
Nairobi: China on Friday promised its full cooperation with Kenya following the arrest of 77 of its nationals alleged to have operated a cyber crime network in the capital Nairobi.

A statement from the Chinese embassy in Nairobi said initial investigations pointed to a "telecommunication fraud case", an apparent response to Kenyan concerns that those detained may be Chinese spies.
"China and Kenya enjoy long-standing friendship, and the Chinese side resolutely supports the Kenyan side in combating all forms of illegal and criminal activities," Chinese foreign ministry spokeswoman Hua Chunying said in the statement.
"We will actively cooperate with the Kenyan side to carry out investigation and handle the case in accordance with law. Meanwhile, we also hope that the Kenyan side can safeguard the legitimate rights and interests of Chinese citizens being involved and properly deal with this case in a law-abiding and just way," it added.
Kenyan officials revealed this week they were holding 77 Chinese nationals accused of running a hacking operation and mysterious "command centre" from upmarket houses in the capital.
Kenya`s foreign ministry has also summoned China`s top diplomat in Nairobi to seek reassurances that Beijing -- a close ally and major investor in east Africa`s largest economy -- was not in anyway linked to the affair.
According to local police, the gang had been "preparing to raid the country`s communication systems", and reports said a series of police raids had turned up equipment capable of infiltrating bank accounts, Kenya`s M-Pesa mobile banking system and ATM machines.

The raids on the properties were sparked after police began investigating a house fire apparently caused by a computer that left one Chinese national dead, and that they found the Chinese living in "military-style dormitories".
The homes were reportedly located in the upmarket northern Nairobi suburb of Runda, which is located next to the diplomatic area of Gigiri, home to the United Nations` headquarters and US embassy.

------------------
Nairobi: Police in Kenya are holding 77 Chinese nationals accused of running a cyber crime network and mysterious "command centre" from upmarket houses in Nairobi, officials and reports said Thursday.

Kenyan police believe the gang were "preparing to raid the country`s communication systems" and that they possessed equipment capable of infiltrating bank accounts, Kenya`s M-Pesa mobile banking system and ATM machines, according to the Daily Nation newspaper.
"The suspects are being interrogated to establish their mission in the country and what they wanted to do with the communication gadgets," confirmed the director of Kenya`s Criminal Investigation Department, Ndegwa Muhoro.
"They have been charged in court," he added.
A detective close to the case said the raids were sparked after police began investigating a house fire that left one person dead. The source said the charges levelled against the 77 so far include "being in the country illegally and operating radio equipment" without the necessary permits.
According to the Standard newspaper, the Chinese nationals were living in "military-style dormitories", and that China`s ambassador to Kenya has also been summoned to "explain if his government was aware of the group`s activities".
Kenyan foreign minister Amina Mohamed "made it clear that the Chinese government should fully cooperate on this matter," Kenya`s communications minister Fred Matiang`i said.
"China promised to send investigators to work with ours on this matter," he said, adding the case "is being investigated by the police working closely with the foreign ministry."

The Standard newspaper said preliminary investigations have shown the group were making microchips for ATM cards, and that they also "ran a command centre whose activities are yet to be established".
The homes were reportedly located in the upmarket northern Nairobi suburb of Runda, which is situated next to the diplomatic area of Gigiri, home to the United Nations` headquarters and US embassy.

------------------
In this age of information, security often becomes the first casualty. Sanchayan Bhattacharjee looks at the profession of ethical hackers who are tasked with safeguarding this information

As per data from Internet Live Stats, more than 24 crore Indians access the internet and the number is growing rapidly by 14 per cent every year. Thus, a significant amount of information, some of it private and sensitive, finds its way online. Often internet users fall prey to viruses, malware or even theft of private information because their software system was not robust enough to protect them. In order to prevent this, ethical hacking, a process through which professionals expose chinks in the software systems at the behest of the company itself, is gaining prevalence. The idea is to find the fallacies in the system and correct them internally before a third party finds it and causes harm.
Since most organisations in India have an online presence, there is always a need for ethical hackers to foolproof the system. According to data from the National Association of Software and Services Companies (NASSCOM), India will need around 500,000 security professionals in the next five years. Right now it just has 40,000. India is the fifth most cyber crime affected country. As office communications continue to be carried out on Gmail and cloud services are used to archive confidential information, digital espionage will increase rapidly with time, says Sandeep Sengupta, director, Indian School of Ethical Hacking.
Since an ethical hacker must always be a step ahead from the rest when it comes to diagnosing problem areas in information systems, he/she needs to have a diverse set of skills. Predictably, a through grounding in different computer programming languages is a must. Since not too many institutes in the country offer undergraduate courses in cyber security, students who have completed their BTech or BSc in the relevant fields are eligible to become ethical hackers. However, they must supplement their graduate study with a postgraduate diploma or certificate course which focuses solely on security of systems.
An understanding of different operating systems like Windows, the various Linux versions as well as TCP/IP protocols like SMTP, ICMP and HTTP is also important for an ethical hacker, says Raju Vanapala, CEO, LearnSocial, a platform which provides ethical hacking courses. In addition to sound technical knowledge, certain soft skills are also valued in this profession. This is a job where a criminal hacker may outwit you at every stage. Thus qualities like an eye for detail, creativity, analytical and logical thinking are important, adds Vanapala.
Most organisations prefer the Certified Ethical Hacker (CEH) certification provided by the International Council of Electronic Commerce Consultants (EC Council). There are several course and test centres across the country to train students and also different levels of certification. Most Universities that offer courses have failed to keep up with the rapid change in technology, risks and techniques in the field. Global certifications like CEH, CISA and CISSP are most valued in the industry, adds Sengupta.
So apart from knowing a software system inside out in order to find flaws, what more do ethical hackers learn? We also learn Vulnerability Assessment and Penetration Testing. This involves trying to get access to a system in extremely convoluted ways, and this depends on a hackers creativity. It is these two aspects which drew me to this field, says Kirit Gupta, 22, a final year engineering student (IT) who is already a certified ethical hacker. Gupta who would like to pursue legal hacking as a profession is well aware of the professions importance. If a security professional is not one of the people responsible for building the IT infrastructure of the nation, information will be almost surely falling into the wrong hands, he adds.
Samrat Das, a Masters student at BITS  Pilani who was inspired to learn hacking after watching The Matrix while in school, second this view. Despite the rapid growth of the internet in India, we do not have enough cyber security experts to ensure that the medium is not misused, he says. Das learnt the basic concepts online before taking up formal hacking during his first year of computer science engineering. He is fascinated with the concept of reverse engineering wherein a software code is completely stripped down before being analysed for problems and modified accordingly.

As far as the job market is concerned, experts agree that lucrative opportunities in this field will increase exponentially. Since the market demand is more than 10 times the current supple, we do not expect any recession in this field in the coming years, says Sengupta. Vanapala agrees and adds, There is a huge demand for such professionals in companies like Wipro, IBM, Infosys, Reliance, and Airtel. Todayethicalhackers are not just restricted to working for the organisation they have been employed into but also gradually endeavouring to launch their own consulting businesses. The annual salary for freshers in this field can vary from Rs 3.5 lakh to 30 lakh depending on the company.
Every company needs security professionals. They safeguard the company data and infrastructure. Software companies needs developers with the knowledge of secure coding techniques. Manufacturing companies, where the price of a machine can cost crores of rupees, will need ethical hackers to protect their intellectual properties and designs, signs off Sengupta.

------------------
New Delhi: President Pranab Mukherjee on Monday said India has to develop capabilities to combat cyber crimes.

Interacting with a group of students from Sardar Patel University of Police, Security and Criminal Justice, Jodhpur, he said "the major factors which pose concern to Indian security include terrorism, indigenous secessionist movements, Left-Wing Extremism and communalism."
The President said these concerns "pose a great threat to the integrity and unity of the country.

"Crime against women, children and elderly citizens have also increased in recent years. In today's world inter-connected by advanced information and communication systems, many crimes are committed with the aid of technology. We have to develop capability to deal with cyber crimes," he told the students who called on him at the Rashtrapati Bhavan here.
He said "no state can ignore" its responsibility towards the citizens as he added that in the coming years students have to provide the necessary expertise and core competence to help law enforcing and security agencies to tackle future challenges. 

------------------
New Delhi: Pranab Mukherjeeon Monday said terrorism, indigenous secessionist movements, Left-wing extremism and communalism were the major security concerns for India.

Addressing a group of students from Sardar Patel University of Police, Security and Criminal Justice in Jodhpur, Rajasthan, who called on him at Rashtrapati Bhavan, Mukherjee said India must develop the capability to deal with cyber crime too.
"They pose a great threat to the integrity and unity of the country," he said.
Crime against women, children and elderly citizens have also increased in recent years, the president said.
"In today's world inter-connected by advanced information and communication systems, many crimes are committed with the aid of technology. We have to develop capability to deal with cyber crimes," Mukherjee said.

He also said no state can ignore its responsibility towards its citizens.
Mukherjee asked the students to provide the necessary expertise and core competence to help law enforcing and security agencies to tackle future challenges when they pass out after learning the skills in colleges.

------------------
Kolkata: In a bid to tackle new era cyber crimes, NSG chief JN Chaudhury on Friday advocated in favour of creating a specialised agency to deal with cyber crimes across the states.


"NIA was set up after the Mumbai attacks to take up cases relating to integrity and security of the country. With new types of crime like digital crime and cyber crime which have no boundaries, perhaps a similar kind of organisation can be considered that will take up these crimes and be able to operate across states," Chaudhury told reporters here.
"Cyber, digital and other white collar crimes like major frauds often require investigative skills that go beyond traditional ones. We need to examine whether similar mechanisms and new age skills are needed to address the emerging types of crimes that spill over beyond state borders and need different investigative tools," he added.

------------------
Washington: China and "probably one or two" other countries have the ability to invade and possibly shut down computer systems of US power utilities, aviation networks and financial companies, Admiral Mike Rogers, the director of the US National Security Agency, said on Thursday.

Testifying to the House of Representatives Intelligence Committee on cyber threats, Rogers said digital attackers have been able to penetrate such systems and perform "reconnaissance" missions to determine how the networks are put together.
"What concerns us is that access, that capability, can be used by nation-states, groups or individuals to take down that capability," he said.
Rogers said China was one of the countries with that capability, but that there were others.
"There`s probably one or two others," he said, declining to elaborate in a public setting.
Chinese Foreign Ministry spokesman Hong Lei said the Chinese government "forbids" cyber hacking and that it is often a victim of such attacks that originate from the United States.
"The Chinese government resolutely cracks down on these activities. This reality is irrefutable," Hong told reporters at a regular press briefing on Friday.
Rogers testified two days after a bill to overhaul the NSA`s bulk collection of telephone records failed in the Senate. Privacy advocates will probably now have to start over to pass a law to reform US surveillance rules.

He said at the hearing that telephone companies are still providing those records to the NSA, but under stricter rules than when the program was exposed in 2013 by former contractor Edward Snowden.
Rogers said the agency, anticipating passage of a new law, would wait before moving forward with technological changes. He said the agency, and telephone companies, would rather wait and see what might be included in any new law.

------------------
New Delhi: Supreme Court judge Justice Dipak Misra on Thursday called for a codified law as well as imparting proper training to law enforcement officers to deal with the issue of cyber crime and match the level of intelligence of the criminals who commit such offences.

Expressing concern over the growing instances of cyber crime, Justice Misra said, "There is a need to come up with a code, a mechanism to deal with cyber crime. Through a computer a man can create an artificial system which can have much more knowledge than what human mind can contain. Knowledge is powerful and knowledge can be dangerous."
"We need to train the officers and make them efficient and competent in these laws with a different kind of branch as everyone cannot do it."
Speaking at the International Conference on Cyberlaw, Cyber crime and Cyber Security at the India International Centre, the judge also spelled out the difficulties likely to arise in dealing with the issue.
"Litigations are cropping up with regard to domain disputes, Intellectual Property Rights, email contracts, defamation, etc. And the High Courts in our country are dealing with them but there are difficulties like how does one safeguard their right to privacy?
"There can be jurisdictional issues i.E. Which court has jurisdiction in the matter and that has to be fixed. Third problem is finding the identity of the offenders which is very difficult to trace," he said.
Suggesting ways to handle the Internet crimes, Justice Misra said that "people who engage in cyber crime have the potential and knowledge to advise us how to control these crimes" adding that their level of intelligence needs to be matched to crack the cases and catch the criminals.

P K Malhotra, Law Secretary, Ministry of Law and Justice, who was also present at the conference, said, "It is significant that countries address and strengthen their cyber-legal regimes which would also promote growth of e-commerce".
Pavan Duggal, advocate and organiser of the conference, said the conference was a step forward to discuss the cyber crime related policies and highlighted the need for all the stakeholders in the digital and mobile ecosystem to work together and address the complicated legal nuances. 

------------------
London: In the next few months hackers will try to penetrate the cyber defences of Britain`s major banks and steal information about millions of customers. But for once they`ll be welcome.

Banks are on red alert after cyber criminals obtained details of 83 million clients from JPMorgan Chase this year and Britain`s leading lenders have signed up for tests that let teams of certified hackers attack at will.
The cyber war games will mark a major escalation in how banks test defences in a high-stakes battle with criminals.
"It`s the first time that banks are having their systems tested for security threats in a live environment as opposed to a simulated or isolated one," said Stephen Bonner, a partner in the cyber security team at KPMG.
Cyber crime costs the global economy $445 billion a year and the bill is rising, according to the Center for Strategic and International Studies (CSIS), which said it damages trade, competitiveness and innovation across industries.
Banks are particularly vulnerable, despite spending hundreds of millions of dollars a year on cyber defences. Increasingly sophisticated criminals are trying to steal money or client data, cause havoc in financial markets or score political points.
"A defender has to block every possible route of entry and the attacker only has to find one. That`s the position the banks are still in, the world is so connected now they have to look in every direction to protect themselves," said Paul Docherty, technical director at Portcullis Computer Security, a consultancy which has been accredited to run the tests.
ATTACK TEAMS
The Bank of England is behind the initiative. In June, it outlined a new framework called CBEST for handling the growing cyber threat. It includes sharing intelligence from government agencies such as Britain`s GCHQ with companies, and encouraging more intense testing of financial institutions.
In the first such move by a leading central bank, the Bank of England will set the guidelines but leave banks to agree with the firms carrying out the tests how far their "attack teams" can infiltrate bank systems.
An "attack team" would typically be four to six people, including a project manager and an attack specialist at the sharp end trying to breach systems. Only a few bank employees will be aware an attack is coming.
"It`s taking examples of what we see out in the wilds in the threat landscape and applying those to realistic attack scenarios on financial firms," said Adrian Nish, head of cyber threat intelligence at BAE Systems Applied Intelligence.
CREST, which is responsible for accrediting firms to do cyber security testing in Britain, has approved four firms to run these so-called Simulated Targeted Attack and Response (STAR) services, and more are expected to be accredited soon, industry sources said. Besides Portcullis, BT Group, Context Information Security and Nettitude are the other three.
Britain`s biggest banks are among more than 30 financial firms lining up to go through the STAR test.
RAISE YOUR GAME
Pilot tests have begun and the vast majority of institutions are expected to have completed the process by the end of 2015, one of the sources said. The tests will also involve insurance companies, financial exchanges and payments systems operators.
"The financial sector has realised it needs to up its game and this is the logical progress," said Docherty.
The test starts with a vulnerability assessment to spot where risks are and set out a plan to probe those areas. This is followed by security testing, or penetration testing, to try and exploit weaknesses during a process that could take 3-6 months.
Other key infrastructure industries such as energy, telecoms and defence could follow the Bank of England`s CBEST plan.
London`s Metropolitan Police last month launched a new cyber crime and fraud team that will have up to 500 officers. The City of London police has linked with the New York District Attorney`s Office to bolster their defences and next year plan to deploy staff permanently in each other`s offices.
CBEST aims to encourage information sharing between government agencies and companies, and between firms -- who have been criticised for being slow to share information on dangers.
"For the last 20 or more years hackers, attackers and that community have been sharing information and selling things to each other whilst finding ways to co-exist and grow, whereas industry has been slow to embrace collaboration," said Docherty. 
Andrew Gracie, the Bank`s of England executive in charge of CBEST, warned in June he would take action against any bank that was inadequately prepared for the cyber threat. Some officials have said banks should face prosecution if they allow their systems to be breached. 

------------------
A group of cybersecurity firms funded by big banks plan to launch a platform that will allow financial companies to communicate faster about potential cyber breaches, the Wall Street Journal reported.

The move follows cybersecurity attacks on some big banks last month, where JPMorgan Chase & Co`s computer systems were hacked exposing the contact details of 73 million households and 7 million small businesses.
The group gathered funds from 16 banks including JPMorgan, Citigroup Inc , BB&T Corp and US Bancorp, to help lead the effort, the newspaper said.
The product, called `Soltra Edge`, is being launched by Financial Services Information Sharing Analysis Center (FS-ISAC) and the Depository Trust & Clearing Corp (DTCC). It has been in works for more than a year and is expected to be out next month, the report said.
Earlier this year, JP Morgan said it expects to spend more than $250 million on cyber security, with about 1,000 people working on that area, after being warned by US regulators about the threat of rising cyber attacks on bank machines.
A pilot version of Soltra was used in spreading the information received by FS-ISAC from JPMorgan after the breach, the Journal said, citing sources.
Soltra, which offers a free edition as well as a paid one, will help track threat information within seconds, a spokesman for Soltra told Reuters.
FS-ISAC and DTCC could not be reached immediately for comments outside regular US business hours.

------------------
Hyderabad: Union Home Minister Rajnath Singh Friday said a strategy to prevent cyber crime will be evolved soon.

Voicing concern over rising cyber crime, he said he has asked the home ministry to prepare an effective strategy.
He was speaking at the passing out parade of 66 Regular Recruits of the Indian Police Service at Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel National Police Academy here Friday.
The home minister said 2013-14 statistics show cyber crime is increasing at the rate of 50 percent per year with Maharashtra, Uttar Pradesh and Andhra Pradesh being among the most affected states.
Academy director Aruna Bahuguna said the core mission of the academy is to provide training for the police officers of tomorrow: one who can not only handle regular law enforcement but also more ambiguous gender, marginalised and communal situations in a sensitive manner.

The 143 officer trainees who completed 46-week training, include 28 women.
The 2013 batch include 15 foreign officer trainees - five from Nepal, six from Bhutan and four from Maldivies.

------------------
Hyderabad: Union Home Minister Rajnath Singh on Friday said he had given instructions to officials of his ministry to formulate an effective counter-strategy to deal with the menace of cyber crime.

"Cyber crime not only has local but global impact. I have given directives in my department to formulate an effective prevention strategy to prevent cyber crime," Singh said at the passing out parade of police officers at the Sardar Vallabhbai Patel National Police Academy on the outskirts of Hyderabad.

From a mere 23 incidents of cyber crime in 2004, the number has jumped to a whooping 72,000 in the country in a decade, say reports.
In just the first five-months this year, government's cyber security arm Computer Emergency Response Team-India (CERT-In) indicates that 62,189 cyber security incidents were reported. 

------------------
Washington: US authorities are investigating an incident in which hackers believed to be working for the Russian government recently breached the unclassified White House computer networks, it has been reported.

White House officials believe the attack was state-sponsored, but are not commenting on who was behind the intrusion or how much data, if any, was taken.
In the course of assessing recent threats, we identified activity of concern on the unclassified Executive Office of the President network, a White House official was quoted as saying by the Washington Post.
We took immediate measures to evaluate and mitigate the activity. Unfortunately, some of that resulted in the disruption of regular services to users. But people were on it and are dealing with it, the official said.
The intrusion into the unclassified networks resulted in temporary disruptions in some services, White House officials said. However, there were no indications that classified networks had been hacked.
US officials were alerted by an ally, the breach was discovered two to three weeks ago.
The FBI, Secret Service and National Security Agency are reportedly all involved in the investigation.
Recent reports by security firms have identified cyber- espionage campaigns by Russian hackers thought to be working for the government.
Targets have included NATO, the Ukrainian government and US defense contractors. Russia is regarded by US officials as being in the top tier of states with cyber-capabilities.

In October 2008, the Russian intelligence service was suspected of being behind a breach discovered on the US military's classified networks.
(With Agency inputs)

------------------
Washington: The US military is looking to flex its muscles in cyberspace as a "deterrence" to hackers eyeing potential American targets, the nation`s top cyber cop said Tuesday.

The comments from Admiral Mike Rogers, who heads the Pentagon`s Cyber Command as well as the National Security Agency, evoked a policy that is often put forward for avoiding nuclear warfare, because holding powerful weapons is seen as a deterrent.
Rogers said as part of his role as the head of Cyber Command, he wants to send a message to potential cyberattackers that there are consequences for their actions.
"Right now, if you are a nation-state, if you are a group, if you are an individual, my assessment is that most (hackers) come to the conclusion that it is incredibly low risk, that there is little price to pay for the actions that they are taking," Rogers told a cybersecurity conference at the US Chamber of Commerce in Washington.
"I`m not saying I agree with that but I believe most look at that and in light of that feel that they can be pretty aggressive. That`s not in our best interests in the long term as a nation to have that perception. We need to try to change that over time."
Rogers said the US military has a "legal framework" for the use of any offensive cyberweapons, noting that a decision to use these tools needs approval from the president and secretary of defense.
But he said US officials are in the midst of discussions on defining offensive military actions in cyberspace and how to implement them.
"What I hope we can develop over time is a set of norms and rules that get us into an area where we can get a better definition of what is acceptable and what is not acceptable (in cyberspace), and even into the idea of deterrence," he told the conference.
The comments came the same day that security researchers, in two separate reports, said the Russian and Chinese governments are likely behind widespread cyber-espionage that has hit targets in the United States and elsewhere.
One team of researchers led by the security firm Novetta Solutions said it identified a hacker group believed to act "on behalf of a Chinese government intelligence apparatus."
A separate report by the security firm FireEye said a long-running effort to hack into US defense contractors, Eastern European governments and European security organizations is "likely sponsored by the Russian government." 

------------------
New York: A 23-year-old Google employee has been arrested for allegedly cyberstalking a former classmate, a media report said.

According to a San Francisco Chronicle report, Nicholas Rotundo, an internal technology employee at the firm, posed as a researcher who was studying `the public`s perception of different breast types`.
He invited a former classmate from the University of Texas at Dallas to share her naked photos to be part of the study.
Rotundo allegedly offered her money in compensation and succeeded in receiving some photographs, the report added, citing documents posted on The Smoking Gun website.
Later, the girl received another email from a different account, forcing her to share more explicit photos, threatening her to make her earlier photos public if she failed to do so.
The girl immediately alerted university authorities and an investigation began, leading to Rotundo`s arrest. 

------------------
Beijing: The 'Anonymous' group of computer hackers yesterday followed up on its threat made to release data from Chinese government websites in support of the pro-democracy protests in Hong Kong.

The group released hundreds of phone numbers and e-mail addresses of the Ningbo Free Trade Zone in Zhejiang province and a job-search site run by the Changxing county administration, also in the coastal province, Hong Kong-based South China Morning Post reported today.
Anonymous took the action shortly after the government denounced the group's threat of cyberattacks, which were apparently in support of the protesters.
The data also included individual IP addresses and names.
The Chinese Foreign Ministry said earlier that the threat shows that China is a victim of cyber assaults and faced a major threat from international hacker groups.
It was not immediately clear why the two websites were targeted.
Anonymous said it had already infiltrated more than 50 mainland government databases and leaked 50,000 user names and e-mails, saying it was fulfilling promises to "stand and fight alongside the citizens of Hong Kong".
The group had earlier targeted Hong Kong sites after issuing a first warning on October 2.
In a public video message, Anonymous declared 'cyberwar' on the government and police force for the use of tear gas against demonstrators, the Post report said.

Anonymous made some sites either inaccessible or intermittently accessible on October 3.
Michael Gazeley, managing director of security service provider Network Box, said it was difficult to judge "whether (the earlier attacks) really are (the work) of Anonymous to start with" because Anonymous is a loosely associated group, the Post report said.

------------------

------------------
Beijing: Around 30,000 suspects have been arrested in China's capital here and 17 million illegal online messages deleted during a 3 year crackdown on cyber crime.

The three-year campaign that began in 2011 has resulted in the detention of over 50 suspects implicated in terrorism related activities besides deleting about 17 million illegal online messages, Beijing's public security bureau said.
The clamp-down targeted cyber crimes, hackers, online rumour-mongering as well as terrorism and violent content, latest data released by the bureau said.
Beijing police have deleted 3,300 terrorism-related messages and 728 audio and video files and e-books till June this year, state-run Xinhua news agency reported today.
Penalties were also stepped-up for violating Internet laws and regulations by the police.
In 2011, around 1,000 operators were punished in accordance with the law and the number soared to 11,000 two years later.
Official data showed that by the end of last year, Beijing was home to more than 900,000 licensed websites, with about 70 percent of China's major web portals located in the capital city, and an online population exceeding 16 million, the report said. 

------------------
London: The world's first 'online murder' via a hacked internet-connected device could happen by the end of this year, experts have warned.

The European Union's law enforcement agency Europol has cautioned that governments are ill-prepared to combat the looming threat of "online murder" as cyber criminals exploit internet technology to target victims.
In an alarming assessment of the physical danger posed by online crime, Europol said it expected a rise in "injury and possible deaths" caused by computer attacks on critical safety equipment.
The Europol threat assessment published last week cited a report by US security firm IID which predicted that the first murder via 'hacked internet-connected device' would happen by the end of 2014, 'The Independent' reported.
The opportunities for tampering with devices come amid predictions that tens of billions of devices will be connected to the internet within the next couple of decades, according to experts.
The Europol report suggests crooks could also use the web to carry out new forms of extortion and blackmail, such as locking people out of their homes or cars before payment of a ransom.
"The IoE [Internet of Everything] represents a whole new attack vector that we believe criminals will already be looking for ways to exploit," according to the Europol threat assessment.
"The IoE is inevitable. We must expect a rapidly growing number of devices to be rendered 'smart' and thence to become interconnected. Unfortunately, we feel that it is equally inevitable that many of these devices will leave vulnerabilities via which access to networks can be gained by criminals," the report said.
"There's already this huge quasi-underground market where you can buy and sell vulnerabilities that have been discovered," said Rod Rasmussen, the president of IID.

Rasmussen said that while the first reported murder was yet to happen, "death by internet" was already a reality from online extortion and blackmail that has led to suicide.
He said if his firm's prediction of an online murder did not come to pass in 2014, it would likely happen within the next few years.

------------------
New Delhi: President Pranab Mukherjee on Monday urged trainee police officers to develop capabilities for combating new-age threats like terrorism and cyber crime.

According to a Rashtrapati Bhavan spokesperson, the President told the trainee officers that society is undergoing major changes and they "have a great chance to serve society".
"(Officers) must equip themselves with knowledge and expertise to fight present-day manifestations of crimes, like terrorism and cyber crime," the spokesperson quoted Mukherjee as having said.

The President reminded the trainees of the important responsibility they have of maintaining law and order in the country and wished them success in their mission, the spokesperson added.
The 2013-batch officers, including 28 lady officers and 15 officers from Bhutan, Nepal and the Maldives, had called on the President at Rashtrapati Bhavan here.

------------------
New Delhi:President Pranab Mukherjee Monday asked trainee IPS officers that they should equip themselves with expertise to tackle cyber crime and terrorism.

Interacting with the trainee officers of the 2013 batch of Indian Police Service, the president said the society was undergoing major changes and they have a great chance to serve it.
According to a Rashtrapati Bhavan press release, the president congratulated the trainee officers on their success in one of the most difficult competitive examinations in the country and their joining the police service.
"The president said society is undergoing major changes and they have a great chance to serve the society. They must equip themselves with knowledge and expertise to fight present day manifestations of crimes like terrorism and cyber crime," the release said.

He reminded them of their important responsibility of maintaining law and order in the country and wished them success in their mission.
The trainee officers included 28 woman officers and 15 officers from Bhutan, Nepal and Maldives.

------------------
New Delhi: Ex-BJP ideologue K N Govindacharya on Thursday raised question in the Delhi High Court about the government's move to hire services of private social media management agencies to manage their accounts in social networking sites such as Facebook, saying it endangers creations of fake accounts and cyber crimes.

Govindacharya has also sought stay of the decisions of "many ministries, including the Ministry of Women and Child Development (WCD), which have issued tenders for appointment of management agencies for the operations of government social media accounts".
The affidavit in this regard was filed by him before a bench of justices Badar Durrez Ahmed and Siddharth Mridul which had earlier observed that "use of internet services, which transfers public data to offshore locations, concerns the integrity and sovereignty of the country" and had questioned the Centre "why public records should go outside India".
The affidavit, filed through advocate Virag Gupta, has also alleged "there exist multiple parody and fake accounts of government departments, ministries, MPs and other organizations on Facebook and other social media network, and yet the government has failed to implement compulsory usages of digital signatures for opening of social media accounts, which may not only stop such misuse but also reduce or put a stop to many frauds and cyber crimes."
The affidavit was filed in pursuance of the court?s direction on August 1 to the petitioner to file by way of an affidavit his allegation that social networking sites, including Facebook and Twitter, are being used by government officials and ministers for official purposes in violation of the Public Records Act.
It has come in the wake of the Centre's submission on August 1 that it has formulated a draft e-mail policy restraining government officials from using services of offshore internet service providers for official purposes which would be placed before the Cabinet at the earliest for approval.
The affidavit has also accused the government of
"extending illegal financial gain" to social media sites like Facebook by "surrendering all rights on public records".
The affidavit has also alleged that as per social media industry estimates, around 30 per cent of such accounts in India are fake and are being used for unlawful activities and influencing the political decisions.
He also alleged "national interests are being jeopardized due to large-scale snooping since the data (of these sites) is stored in servers outside India, which is violative of the Public Records Act" and has sought quashing of "all such agreements signed by government officials for opening of official social media accounts."
"Most of the fake users operate anonymously to indulge in cyber-crimes thus causing irreparable loss to society and many of them use Facebook as platform to promote militancy, terrorism, rave parties, drugs and child bullying and other abuses which are serious criminal offences attracting exemplary punishment.
72-year-old Govindacharya has also alleged in his affidavit that as per the tender floated by the WCD Ministry, the social media management agency has been given a target of followers to be achieved which could result in creation of fake accounts and this in turn would lead to "unlawful financial gains to social media sites" as their main source of revenue is advertisements which depends upon the number of users.
"Thousands of communal disturbances and riots have taken place due to anonymous Facebook posts which, besides posing a huge financial liability also burdening the police and enforcement agencies but Facebook failed to take steps to ensure proper due diligence for user verification," the affidavit has alleged.
The petitioner has contended that "huge expenses are being incurred due to rising cyber-crimes which culminate in losses to innocent citizens but there exists no effective provision for compensation due to lapses of social media companies, like the polluter pays principle" and has sought that there be guidelines for compensation which is applicable on social media sites.
"Operation of official social media accounts issued by WCD and other ministries may kindly be stayed till social media companies change the terms of agreement as per Indian laws and comply with fiscal statutes," the affidavit has said.
Govindacharya has also alleged the websites evade taxes and make public the personal details of Indian users, including minors below 13 years of age who are being allowed to use Facebook.
He has alleged that "under the pretence of free services to Indians, the private respondents are capturing huge volume of data, including public records and thus monopolizing operations in the Indian economy".
The court had on the last date of hearing also asked the Centre to make a "categorical" statement on the issue of payment of service tax by websites, including Google and Facebook, for their commercial operations in India.

The affidavit has been filed by Govindacharya, alleging that websites evade taxes and make public the personal details of Indian users.
The plea has also sought a direction to ensure safety of the data of 140 million Indian users which are transferred "to the US and is being used for commercial gains in violation of the right to privacy." 

------------------
Zee Media Bureau/Shruti Saxena

New Delhi: In a latest data breach incident, a database containing nearly 4.93 million usernames and passwords for Google accounts like Gmail have been reportedly posted online by cyber criminals.
According to reports, the data accounts of English, Spanish, and Russian-speaking were published on a Russian Bitcoin security forum by hackers on late Tuesday.
Further, the users who used the forum claimed that about 60% of the passwords were valid and very much active.
However, the Internet Giant Google in a statement to media said, It had no evidence that our systems have been compromised.

The incident was reported after the leak was reported a day after nearly 4.6 million Mail.ru accounts and over 1.25 million Yandex email Ids were leaked.


------------------
Thiruvananthapuram: New methods to tackle cyber crimes will be discussed at a two-day conference on cyber security and policing at Kochi from August 22.

The conference, hosted by state police in association with Kerala IT Mission, Information Security Research Association and Society for the Policing of Cyberspace, is aimed at providing a platform to discuss and share new information and latest trends in cyber crimes the world over.
Tackling crimes with special reference to cyber crimes against women is the special theme of the conference this year, an official release said.
Though cyber crime was on the rise and has become a matter of concern, there was still lack of awareness among the general public, it said.
The current trends and evidence shows that cyber crime was likely to grow in coming days and it was desirable that industry, law enforcement agencies and supporting groups come forward to empower and protect individuals and organisations from cyber crime and other online threats.
Given the importance and potential of IT in India, there was need for special effort to fight these illegal activities. Cyber crime investigation is a major challenge in Kerala where there are 2.5 crore mobile customers, 30 lakh landline users and 12 lakh internet connections, the release said.

Kerala has a 85 per cent tele-density level as against the national average of 56.83 per cent, it said.
Cyber security experts from the country and abroad were expected to participate in the event. Former President APJ Abdul Kalam will deliver the keynote address.
Some topics to be discussed at the conference were digital strategies for prevention and detection of crime against women, cyber terror and counter terror in the cyber world.

------------------
New Delhi: Cyber security division NCIIPC has alerted government departments and leading internet service providers about a possible cyber attack on the Independence Day and has suggested a series of measures to prevent these attacks.

"It has been observed that Indian cyberspace traditionally comes under attack by adversaries on dates of national importance such as 15th August ... In the current year August 15 is falling on Friday, followed by a 2-3 days break. It is possible that an adversary may try and take advantage of these circumstances," National Critical Information Infrastructure Protection Centre (NCIIPC) said in an advisory.
The centre has been created to handle cyber security of critical infrastructure such as defence, power, banks and railways, in the country. Almost entire key infrastructure is using computer and Internet.
NCIIPC said that attacks or attempts are traditionally preceded by reconnaissance of websites or system in an attempt to probe for weaknesses in them which can be identified with help of experts or even by the centre.
The centre has asked government departments and companies to review authorisation issued by them for remote access of their system and update softwares in the system.
"In case of a successful compromise or defacement, it is strongly recommended that compromised or defaced system be examined to determine methodology employed by the attacker.
These vulnerabilities must be closed before the back-up system is brought online," the advisory said.
NCIIPC will provide round the clock assistant to handle cyber attacks, it said.

Indian Computer Emergency Response Team has reported 13,301, 22,060, 71,780 and 62,189 security incidents in 2011, 2012, 2013 and 2014 (till May) respectively.
The majority of these attacks have been observed to be originating from the cyber space of a number of countries including the US, Europe, Brazil, Turkey, China, Pakistan, Bangladesh, Algeria and the UAE. 

------------------
Chennai: The state government on Monday introduced two bills in the Assembly to amend Tamil Nadu Act 14 of 1982 and bring offenders in cyber crime and sexual offences against women under the Goondas Act.

The laws seeks to empower the state to arrest offenders involved in Cyber crime and sexual offences against women for the first offence itself bringing in stringent laws to check such crimes.
Currently the Act, also known as Goondas Act, provides for arresting habitual offenders.
Minister for Electricity, Prohibition and Excise Natham R Viswanathan introduced both the bills in the House.
Tamil Nadu Prevention of Dangerous Activities of Bootleggers, Drug-offenders, Forest-offenders, Goondas, Immoral Traffic offenders, Sand-offenders, Slum-grabbers and Video Pirates Act, 1982 (Tamil Nadu Act 14 of 1982) provides for preventive detention of certain types of offenders, whose activities have the potential to affect the public order.
The basic requirement for making an order of detention under the said Act in respect of goonda is habitual commission or attempt to commit or abetment of commission of offences specified in the definition of the term `goonda.`
"There are instances where a single act has the potential to disrupt public order and therefore it will not be meaningful to wait for habitual commission of offences by a person before resorting to preventive detention. Hence, there is a need for a provision for preventive detention of such persons even on commission of a single offence, which has the propensity to disturb public order," the statement of objects and reasons of the one of the bills said.
Cyber crime was assuming great importance because of spread of Information Technology and it has the potential to pose a threat to internal security, it said.

As sexual offences against women are prejudicial to the maintenance of public order, the government have announced a 13-point action plan,which includes a proposal to bring sexual offenders within the purview of preventive detention under Tamil Nadu Act 14 of 1982, the statement of objects and reasons of the other bill, said.
"Accordingly, it has been decided to amend the said Tamil Nadu Act 14 of 1982 so as to bring sexual offenders within the ambut of the said Act," it added.

------------------
Hyderabad: Lauding the proposals to create wi-fi zones at different places in the country, a cyber security expert today said the government needs to take appropriate security measures to prevent cyber crime.


"While it (creation of wi-fi zones) has a lot of positives like increase in productivity, efficiency and ease of internet access for all, it is important that the government takes proper security measures like identification verification through SMS, maintenance of user logs and others," Ankit Fadia, an author and consultant to police in various states on cyber security issues, told reporters here.
His response came in the context of the government proposing to make Hyderabad a wi-fi city and similar proposals being made elsewhere in the country.
Fadia was speaking after releasing his latest book `SOCIAL -- 50 ways to improve your professional life` here.
Quoting official figures, he said 4.7 lakh ethical hackers would be required in India by 2015, given the rising number of cyber security threats.

------------------
New Delhi: CBI Friday nabbed an alleged hacker who entered into systems of software giant Microsoft to steal product keys worth lakhs and is feared to have compromised some government websites as well in the process.

A school drop-out who claims himself to be an MBA, Prabhu D was arrested by cyber cell of CBI from Chennai for allegedly stealing Microsoft`s product keys as well as cheating unsuspecting consumers.
Highly-placed sources said Rs 18 lakh were found in his account which has been frozen. They said the financial damage incurred to Microsoft will be ascertained during the detailed questioning of Prabhu who is being brought here in custody.
The sources said prima facie it appears that product keys stolen by him could be in several lakhs. 
They said exact amount will be known through forensic examination of his laptop and questioning.
They said it seems that he allegedly hacked some government websites where Microsoft softwares were being used while stealing product keys.
The sources, however, refused to give details of specific sites which could have been compromised saying it could hamper the probe.
Product keys are specific codes for any software which are purchased from the company to certify that the copy of the program used is original.
CBI has registered a case U/s 379 (theft) of IPC and provisions of Information Technology Act, 2000, CBI spokesperson Kanchan Prasad said here today.
"It is alleged that that Microsoft Volume License Service Centre (VLSC) agreements in respect of different overseas and Indian customers of the Microsoft were unauthorisedly being accessed (hacked) for the purpose of stealing product keys of the different Microsoft products as well as cheating, by selling these keys online," she said.

The officer said searches at his premises led to recovery of hard disks of computer system, router used for committing the alleged crime along with numbers of Microsoft product kits and other documents.
"Account of the accused which he has used to collect the amount of sale of Microsoft product keys was also frozen. The accused was produced today in the court at Egmore, Chennai and has been granted transit remand," she said.

------------------
New Delhi: India should be more aware of cyber security threats and the time to act in this regard is now, an Israeli security solutions firm has said even as it averred that the two countries have many common "opponents".

"I believe India should be more aware of cyber threats. I am sure that once India will be aware of cyber threats, the necessary steps would be taken," Zori Kor, vice president of Israeli firm ASERO Worldwide, said here.
Stressing on the importance of having cyber security, Kor said it was "unfortunate" that the Indian public is not fully aware of threats in this field, which can even have a ripple effect on the economy.
"As the public still doesn't understand how complex the challenge is, may be some decision makers are hesitating whether to take the necessary steps in order to meet the future challenges," said Kor, who is on a visit to India in connection with an upcoming homeland security conference in Israel.
"My recommendation is to start dealing with it (cyber security needs) now because it takes time," said Kor, who recently retired from Israeli Security Agency after 25 years of service in a number of counter-terrorism and protective security posts.
Adding that cyber security is not an area where one size fits all as the environment and threats keep changing from time to time, he said, "If we answer only the current situation, it might not be good enough. We have to think what the bad guy's next step would be in order to answer that."
Talking about the salient features of Israeli security capabilities, he said the country believes in partnership and in sharing knowledge and experience regarding implementation of technological platforms for internal security.
"We are in the same boat. Many of our opponents are unfortunately yours as well because we have good ideas and creativity and so do you. So, whoever is trying to steal good ideas from us might want to steal it from you as well," he said while opining that India was one of the "few friends" that Israel had.
India is now the main export target of the Israeli defence industry; however, both countries avoid revealing details about the scale and nature of their security trade.
In 2012, the Israeli defence ministry announced that the country's defence exports stood at an annual USD 7 billion of which homeland security accounted for about USD 1.5 billion. 

------------------
Hyderabad: Telangana police plans to set up cyber labs in all districts of the state to tackle cyber crime, said a top official Friday.

The Crime Investigation Department (CID) is also training police officials in the districts in dealing with the cyber crime. 
T Krishna Prasad, additional director general, CID, said they so far trained 246 officers. 
For cyber crime cases booked in other districts, the police officials come to Hyderabad to take help of the cyber lab set up in 2010 under an initiative by Nasscom and Data Security Council of India.
"We want to have such labs in all districts so that they deal with the cyber crime without coming to Hyderabad," the police official said at a conference on cyber security organised by the Confederation of Indian Industry (CII) here. 
He urged the IT industry to share with the police the latest tools for tackling cyber crime free of cost. He called for collaboration between industry, investigating agencies and the policy makers for an effective strategy to tackle the increasing cyber crimes. 
Undivided Andhra Pradesh in 2013 registered 635 cases under the IT Act, the second highest in the country after Maharashtra. As many as 296 people were arrested in the state. 
Prasad called for punitive action against the violators saying Cyber Security Policy 2013 has not addressed this aspect. He suggested to Telangana government to take up with the central government the need for punitive action.
He noted that all the four convictions under the IT Act since 2010 took place in the undivided Andhra Pradesh. 
Telangana IT minister KT Rama Rao said the government would work closely with the industry to device a policy that suit the needs of the newly-created state. He called for collaborative approach in view of the increasing cyber attacks. He underlined the need to have more cyber security professionals. 

The minister pointed out that India has only 22,000 such professionals against the requirement of 77,000. He said China has 25 million cyber warriors tackling the cyber threats. 
R Srinivas Rao, Head, Hyderabad centre of Wipro and convenor of CII panel on information technology, said a small and medium enterprises were coming under increasing cyber attacks. He said digital underground economy was thriving illegally by obtaining financial data. 

------------------
New Delhi: Government`s cyber security arm Computer Emergency Response Team-India (CERT-In) reported 62,189 cyber security incidents in the first five months of the current calendar year, Parliament was informed today.

Similarly, the government body reported that 9,174 Indian websites were hacked by groups spread across the world, Communication and IT Minister Ravi Shankar Prasad said in a written reply to Lok Sabha.
"During the years 2011, 2012, 2013 and 2014 (till May), a total number of 21,699, 27,605, 28,481 and 9,174 Indian websites were hacked by various hacker groups spread across worldwide. In addition, during these years, a total number of 13,301, 22,060, 71,780 and 62,189 security incidents, respectively, were reported to the CERT-In," Prasad added.
These incidents include phishing, scanning, spam, malicious code and website intrusions, the Minister said.
Prasad told the House that there have been attempts from time to time to launch cyber attacks on Indian cyber space.
"These attacks have been observed to be originating from the cyber space of a number of countries including the US, Europe, Brazil, Turkey, China, Pakistan, Bangladesh, Algeria and the UAE," he added.
It has been observed that the attackers compromise computer systems located in different parts of the world and user masquerading techniques and hidden servers to hide the identity of the actual system from which the attacks are being launched, Prasad said.
"Cyber space is virtual, borderless and anonymous due to which it becomes difficult to actually trace the origin of a cyber attack," the Minister added.
In a separate query in the House, Prasad said with the increase in the proliferation of IT and related services there is a rise in the number of cyber crime and cyber security incidents. The trend in increase in cyber crime incidents is similar to that worldwide.

"As per the cyber crime data maintained by National Cyber Records Bureau, a total of 1,791, 2,876 and 4,356 cyber crime cases were registered under Information Technology Act during the year 2011, 2012 and 1013, respectively, thereby showing an increasing trend," he added.
A total of 422, 601 and 1,337 cases were registered under cyber crime related sections of the Indian Penal Code (IPC) during the year 2011, 2012 and 2013, respectively, he said.

------------------
Jamshedpur: The police jointly with Tata Motors Wednesday launched a month-long awareness campaign against cyber crime in the steel city from where at least 15 cyber related crimes were being reported every month.

Over 100 schools students and several social organizations participated in the awareness rally, which traversed the main thoroughfare of the city, covering a distance of 5 km.
Speaking on the occasion, Deputy Commissioner Amitabh Kaushal asked the people, particularly the internet-savvy youths and students to be aware about fake advertisements aimed to lure them with false promises and attractive prizes.
The youths need to be cautious even while making friendship on internet, sharing details about themselves, ATMs, bank accounts as well as the password, he said.
Superintendent of Police (city) Karthik S explained the modus operandi of the racketeers, who trapped innocent people by luring them to take part in cyber games such as identifying of face mainly of any celebrities promising a big prize to the winners.
Recently, a group of people, who had participated in such a competition and deposited a considerable amount on the direction of the racketeers in the name of registration, were duped, he said.
As they were assured of four-wheelers as a prize, the victims were regularly assembling in front of the Tata Motors main entrance here to receive it but returned empty hand, he said.

The district police would circulate a booklet to make the people aware during this campaign, he said.
The senior district officials cautioned the people of the city to be aware about cyber crime and report about it to the anti-cyber crime cell.
Besides the Deputy Commissioner, the awareness campaign was flagged off by Senior Superintendent of Police Amol V Homkar and the General Manager (Administration) Capt P J Singh.

------------------
Ritu Raj/ Zee Research Group/ Delhi

Technology may have made lives easier for people, but it has also added to their woes with criminals adopting various innovative means to defraud people. Data released by the National Crime Records Bureau (NCRB) has reflected a sharp rise in the number of crime cases with the total numbers registered under the Information and Technology Act (IT Act) in 2013 shooting up by almost 52 per cent as compared to the previous year.
The total number of cyber crime recorded under the IT Act in 2013 was 4,356 as compared to 2,876 in 2012.
The cyber crime cases show an even larger surge in numbers if cases registered under the Indian Penal Code are considered with the figure hitting 5,508 in the year 2013. However, even with the increase in number of cases, there is no parity when it comes to arrests. Only 3,301 persons were detained by police across the country in association with these cases.
The maximum number of arrests took place in Maharashtra (426) under the IT Act. Andhra Pradesh holds the second position with 296 arrests, while 283 were held in Uttar Pradesh on the third position.
Cyber crime registered under the Indian Penal Code (IPC) has shown a much higher growth rate of 122.5 per cent in 2013 while case registered under IT Act increased by 51.5 percent.
Uttar Pradesh has topped the list when offenses under IPC are considered with 310 cases being registered, which is 604.5 percent higher than the previous year. Maharashtra is placed at number two with 226 cases while Haryana is on third with 116 cases in this category.
Some states have shown an extreme trend of cyber crime cases going down considerably. Goa reported only one case in 2013, while two cases were reported in 2012. Chandigarh has reported two cases in 2013 even as the city recorded no cases the previous year.
In all, 14 states and union territories have registered zero instances of cyber crime. These include Arunachal Pradesh, Assam, Jammu & Kashmir, Manipur, Meghalaya, Mizoram, Nagaland, Sikkim, Tripura, A & N Islands, D & N Haveli, Daman & Diu, Lakshadweep, and Puducherry.
If offenses under the IT Act are considered, then Maharashtra has topped the list with 681 cases. 
Andhra Pradesh with 635 cases and Karnataka with 513 cases are on number two and three, respectively. These three states are famous for their IT hubs and give 70 per cent of their revenue to the country through IT firms.
On the other hand, Manipur and Daman & Diu both have registered one case each under the IT Act. 

Mizoram, Nagaland, Sikkim, D & N Haveli and Lakshadweep have not recorded any cyber crime cases in 2013 under the IT Act.
The national capital Delhi has registered 131 cases of cyber crime, which is 72.4 percent more as compared to 2012. IT hub Bangalore tops the list of cities with 399 cases registered in 2013.
Chart for the story:

------------------
Washington: Fledging cooperation between the United States and China on fighting cyber crime has ground to a halt since the recent U.S. indictment of Chinese military officials on hacking charges, a senior U.S. security official said on Thursday.
At the same time, there has been no decline in Chinese hackers` efforts to break into U.S. networks, the official said.
In May, the Justice Department charged five Chinese military members with hacking the systems of U.S. companies to steal trade secrets, prompting Beijing to suspend a Sino-U.S. working group on cyber issues. China denies the charges and has in turn accused Washington of massive cyber spying.
U.S. and Chinese officials had started working together to combat certain types of online crime, including money laundering, child pornography and drug trafficking, the U.S. official said. But that cooperation has stopped.
"We are in time out," the official told Reuters. "They don`t want to talk to us. Everything is really cold."
Asked whether attempts to hack into U.S. networks that originate in China had slowed, the official said: "They have been very active and this hasn`t changed a bit."
The new chill underscores the fragility of the efforts to ease tensions and mutual accusations of hacking and Internet theft between China and the United States, at the expense of the security areas where the nations had reached some understanding.
The indictments, the first criminal hacking charge the United States has filed against specific foreign officials, put more strain on a complex commercial relationship between the two economic powers and created new troubles for some U.S. technology companies doing business in China.
Beijing has responded with a promise to investigate all U.S. providers of important IT products and services, though it has not specified the move was a direct retaliation.
Chinese state media has also lashed out, without indicating a connection, at U.S. firms including Google, Apple, Yahoo, Cisco Systems, Microsoft and Facebook with allegations of spying and stealing secrets.
The charges added to the existing tensions stemming from revelations by former National Security Agency contractor Edward Snowden of vast U.S. Internet surveillance.
Some technology executives have privately complained about the lack of warning from the U.S. Justice Department. The U.S. official said only "a small group" was informed about the indictments ahead of time.
Though unlikely to result in arrests, U.S. observers saw the charges as an aggressive move to thwart the theft of trade secrets. Max Baucus, the new U.S. ambassador to China, called Chinese cyber espionage a threat to U.S. national security in his first major public address on Wednesday.
"We will continue to use diplomatic and legal means to make clear that this type of behavior must stop," Baucus said. 

------------------
New Delhi: The use of Internet has improved the overall banking services in India, but, it has also led to a heightened activity by cyber criminals making the country the third most affected globally by online malwares, a report by cyber security firm Trend Micro said.

According to Trend Micro's January-March, 2014 Threat Round Up, as law enforcement agencies are slowly being ramped up, cyber criminals are adding more layers to ensure anonymity to conceal their identities to avoid arrest.
India has made it to the top 3 most affected countries by online banking malwares after the US and Japan. The country slowly rose to the top 3 due to spike in the number of online customers in the country, which could be attributed to a vastly improved banking industry, the report said.
Online banking malware creators updated their portfolios yet again with the addition of new routines to their usual weapons of choice, it added.
"The number of online bankers in India has improved the overall industry but has resulted in significant rise in malicious activities," Trend Micro (India & South East Asia) Managing Director Dhanya Thakkar said.
The mobile banking transaction volume grew along with the number of online money transfers-a-top-ranking secondary means of making inward remittances in India in Q1, 2014, Thakkar added.
The report also revealed that since law enforcement activities against online theft are slowly being ramped up, cyber criminals are starting to add more layers to ensure anonymity in order to protect their identities and avoid getting arrested. 

------------------
London: Cyber crime costs the global economy about USD 445 billion every year, with the damage to business from the theft of intellectual property exceeding the $160 billion loss to individuals from hacking, according to research published on Monday.

The report from the Center for Strategic and International Studies (CSIS) said cyber crime was a growth industry that damaged trade, competitiveness and innovation.
A conservative estimate would be USD 375 billion in losses, while the maximum could be as much as USD 575 billion, said the study, sponsored by security software company McAfee.
"Cyber crime is a tax on innovation and slows the pace of global innovation by reducing the rate of return to innovators and investors," Jim Lewis of CSIS said in a statement.
"For developed countries, cyber crime has serious implications for employment."
The world`s biggest economies bore the brunt of the losses, the research found, with the toll on the United States, China, Japan and Germany reaching USD 200 billion a year in total.
Losses connected to personal information, such as stolen credit card data, was put at up to USD 150 billion.
About 40 million people in the United States, roughly 15 percent of the population, has had personal information stolen by hackers, it said, while high-profile breaches affected 54 million people in Turkey, 16 million in Germany and more than 20 million in China.
McAfee, owned by Intel Corp, said improved international collaboration was beginning to show results in reducing cyber crime, for example in the takedown last week of a crime ring that infected hundreds of thousands of computers known by the name of its master software, Gameover Zeus. 

------------------
Washington: Sanjam Garg, a graduate of the Indian Institute of Technology, Delhi, has won the 2013 Doctoral Dissertation Award for developing a technique to protect against cyber attacks.

He will receive the award presented by the Association for Computing Machinery (ACM) and its $20,000 prize at the annual ACM awards banquet on June 21, in San Francisco. Financial sponsorship of the award is provided by Google Inc.
According to ACM, the innovator of breakthrough cyptography technology won the award for developing tools that enable the first secure solution to the problem of making computer programme code "unintelligible" while preserving its functionality.
This problem, known as software obfuscation, conceals the programme`s purpose or its logic in order to prevent tampering, deter reverse engineering, or as a challenge to readers of the source code.
Garg`s "approach makes it impossible to reverse-engineer the obfuscated software without solving mathematical problems that could take hundreds of years to work out on today`s computers," ACM said.
Garg, a Josef Raviv Memorial Postdoctoral Fellow at IBM T.J. Watson Research Centre, completed his dissertation at the University of California, Los Angeles, which nominated him.

In his dissertation "Candidate Multilinear Maps," Garg described new mathematical tools that serve as key ingredients for transforming a program into a "jigsaw puzzle" of encrypted pieces.
Corresponding to each input is a unique set of puzzle pieces that, when assembled, reveal the output of the programme.
Security of the obfuscated programme hinges on the fact that illegitimate combinations of the puzzle pieces do not reveal anything.

------------------
New Delhi: Data breaches have witnessed a major surge this year with cyber criminals stealing around 200 million data in the first quarter, a whopping 233 per cent rise over the year-ago period, a report by SafeNet said on Wednesday.

According to data protection solutions firm SafeNet's Breach Level Index (BLI), records stolen during the quarter equals about 93,000 records stolen every hour.
"Of the 254 data breaches that occurred during the quarter, only 1 per cent were secure breaches or breaches where strong encryption, key management or authentication solutions protected the data from being used," the BLI report said.
Due to varying strictness of data breach reporting requirements globally, this quarterly data does not include organisations that did not disclose the amount of data records that were exposed. In all probability, the total number is likely to be even higher, it added.
South Korea was the hardest hit with loss of 158 million records across a variety of industries, representing 79 per cent of the total number of reported breached records worldwide, it said.
While, the number of South Korean breached records was extremely high, the number of breach incidents in Asia Pacific as a whole accounted for only 7 per cent of the total number of global breaches, dwarfed by the 78 per cent (199 incidents) that occurred in North America and 13 per cent in Europe.
The report revealed that financial industry was hit the hardest, accounting for 56 per cent of all data records lost or stolen. However, it represented 14 per cent of the total breaches during the quarter.
Healthcare industry was hit hard in terms of breach events, accounting for 24 per cent of all breaches. However, the industry accounted for just 9 per cent of data records lost or stolen, it said.
Twenty per cent of all records lost or stolen came from the technology industry, while retail represented just 1 per cent of data records lost or stolen and 10 per cent of all data breaches even including the Sally Beauty Supply breach, which made major headlines, the report added.
Government and education breaches accounted for less than 1 per cent of total records stolen and 23 per cent of data breaches, including the University of Maryland's breach of 287,000 records stolen early this year.
"There were approximately three breaches and 2.2 million records stolen each day, and more than 93,000 per hour," BLI report said.
Commenting on the report, SafeNet Chief Strategy Officer Tsion Gonen said: "In differentiating between secure and insecure breaches, it's important to look at which victims have protected their data with encryption to limit the damage from a breach and render date unusable to cyber criminals."

------------------
Washington: Facebook, Twitter, Google, Microsoft and many other online services users have been hit by a serious new security flaw.

The flaw in two widely used security standards could give anyone access to your account information at any of the online services.

According to Fox News, the flaw, dubbed `Covert Redirect` by its discoverer, exists in two open-source session-authorization protocols, OAuth 2.0 and OpenID.
Both standards are employed across the Internet to let users log into websites using their credentials from other sites.
Attackers could exploit the flaw to disguise and launch phishing attempts from legitimate websites.
According to the report, the biggest danger of Covert Redirect is that it could be used to conduct phishing attacks, in which cyber criminals seize login credentials, by using email messages containing links to malicious websites disguised as something their targets might want to visit. 

------------------
Brussels: The European Union will discuss Internet security during talks this week in Brussels with Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe, a senior EU official said Monday.

Speaking ahead of Abe`s arrival on Tuesday, the official said a Strategic Partnership Agreement (SPA) being negotiated with Japan would now include closer cooperation on cyber-security.
"We are encouraged by the deepening cooperation (with Japan) in the security sphere through the launch of new dialogue on cyber issues," the official said.
Japanese media reports say Abe and EUnion leaders are expected to agree the issue at a summit Wednesday, with a draft joint statement calling for the "protection of a safe, open and secure cyber-space."
Cyber-attacks occur when the computer information systems of individuals, organisations or infrastructure are targeted, whether by criminals, terrorists or even states with an interest in disrupting computer networks.
The EU says there has been an increase in cyber-crime and that attacks go beyond national borders, making international cooperation a vital part of cyber-security.
Abe arrives in Brussels on the last leg of a nine-day tour of six EU countries.
The SPA negotiations were launched in early 2013 and an agreement would cover more than 30 policy areas, ranging from political to scientific and cultural cooperation. 

------------------
Tokyo: Japan and the European Union (EU) will agree to launch a dialogue to boost cybersecurity next month amid suspected cyber attacks from Chinese entities.

Japan's Prime Minister Shinzo Abe and European Union leaders will launch a dialogue to boost cybersecurity at a summit in Brussels on May 7, according to a draft of a statement to be issued after the meeting.
With China as a suspected source of cyber attacks in mind, the draft of the joint press statement, says, "Facing more severe, widespread and globalised risks surrounding cyberspace...Protection of a safe, open and secure cyberspace is needed."
Abe and the EU leaders, European Council President Herman Van Rompuy and European Commission President Jose Manuel Barroso will also agree to hold an inaugural meeting of a Japan-EU dialogue on the stable use of outer space in the latter half of this year in Tokyo, the draft says.
Regarding cyberattacks as a new type of threat to national security, Japan said in its National Security Strategy adopted in December that it will strengthen information sharing and promote cyberspace defense cooperation with relevant countries.
In the first meeting of the Japan-EU Space Policy Dialogue, the two sides are expected to discuss cooperation toward the creation of international norms that will help reduce space debris caused by anti-satellite tests, satellite collisions and other reasons.
"We affirm the importance of safety, security and sustainability of outer space activities," the draft statement says.
There have been growing calls for the crafting of international norms on outer space activities since China destroyed one of its ageing satellites via a missile-driven, anti-satellite test in 2007, creating a mess of fragments fluttering through space and sparking concern that such debris could seriously damage other satellites in nearby orbit.
In the summit, Abe and the EU leaders will reaffirm their shared view that international disputes and issues "should be resolved peacefully and in accordance with international law, not by force or coercion," the draft says.
It apparently refers to repeated intrusions by Chinese patrol ships into Japanese waters around the Senkaku Islands in the East China Sea in an attempt to undermine Japan's administration over the islets, claimed as Diaoyu by Beijing and Tiaoyutai by Taiwan. 

------------------
New Delhi: More than two-thirds of targeted cyber attacks in India are focused on large firms, with criminals willing to wait longer to strike for bigger rewards, security software maker Symantec said Thursday.

There is a significant shift in cyber-criminal behaviour, with the bad guys plotting for months before pulling off huge heists instead of quicker hits with smaller rewards, Symantec India Technology Sales Director Tarun Kaura said.
"They are focussing on large enterprises, with over 69 percent of the targeted attacks in India carried out on them," he added.
Globally, targeted attacks were up 91 percent in 2013 and lasted an average of three times longer compared to 2012.
The number of "mega breaches" is on the rise, according to Symantec's Internet Security Threat Report, Vol 19. Globally, there was a 62 percent increase in the number of data breaches from the previous year, resulting in more than 552 million identities exposed.
Each of the eight top data breaches in 2013 resulted in the loss of tens of millions of data records. By comparison, 2012 had only a single data breach that reached the threshold.
"One mega breach can be worth 50 smaller attacks. While the level of sophistication continues to grow among attackers, what was surprising was their willingness to be a lot more patient -  waiting to strike until the reward is bigger and better," he said.
The size and scope of breaches is exploding, putting the trust and reputation of businesses at risk and increasingly compromising consumers' personal information from credit card numbers to passwords and bank account details, he added.
"The potential for huge paydays means large-scale attacks are here to stay. Companies of all sizes need to re-examine, re-think and possibly re-architect their security posture," Kaura said.
The report found that support functions with access to critical data emerged as the strongest target for attackers.
"Personal assistants and those working in public relations were the two most targeted professions as cyber criminals use them as a stepping stone toward higher-profile targets like celebrities or business executives," he said. 
In India, small businesses received the highest number of phishing and virus-bearing emails - almost three times as much as the larger targets, Symantec said.
Also, almost four in 10 attacks were carried out on non-traditional service industries such as hospitality, business and personal services, followed by attacks on manufacturing, finance and insurance.
India continues to hold its position as the spam capital of the world, with close to 1.45 billion unsolicited e-mails originating from its borders every day.
The country also ranked especially high in the number of top botnets, which are networks of computers that are used to send out spam e-mail messages, spread viruses, attack computers and servers, and commit other kinds of crime and fraud. 

------------------
New Delhi: More than 60 senior Delhi Police officials of the ranks between Additional Deputy Commissioner to sub-inspector will get advanced training to tackle cyber crime in the national capital.

The two-day training programme, conducted by HDFC Bank in partnership with Mahindra Special Services Group was inaugurated by Additional Commissioner of Police (North East) V.V. Chaudhary.
The programme will cover various aspects of investigating cyber crime such as how to identify and deal with skimming scams, vishing, phishing, data counterfeiting, SIM duplication and email threats among others.
The officials will be trained in northeast Delhi`s Seemapuri police station, said Chaudhary.

Speaking on the occasion, Vishal Salvi, Chief Information Security Officer (CISO), HDFC Bank said that the endeavour of this programme is to partner with law enforcement authorities and equip them with appropriate skill sets to tackle cyber crime economic offences with the help of real-life examples and case studies.
"We would like to thank the Delhi police for extending their support and co-operation in setting up this programme, which is a part of our larger Secure Banking Initiative," he said.
HDFC Bank is conducting this programme as part of Secure Banking Initiative; which is an endeavour to educate and create awareness on security in various banking channels, from ATMs to online across key stakeholders, including law enforcement officers.
Prevention of cyber crime economic offences has become important with the advent of various electronic channels of payment. Offences in the cyber space have taken various forms and therefore it is vital that law enforcement authorities are also equipped to handle such cases. 

------------------
Washington: A group of top US regulators on Wednesday warned about the threat of rising cyber-attacks on banks` websites and their cash machines, urging the industry to put proper measures in place to guard against fraud.

The Federal Financial Institutions Examination Council (FFIEC) said it had seen a rise of so-called denial-of-service attacks on banks` websites, which were sometimes a cover for criminals to commit fraud.
The group described one recent case in which criminals stole USD 40 million from just 12 accounts - far exceeding the actual balance held by clients - in a sophisticated scheme known as an "Unlimited Operations" fraud.
Massive client data breaches at retailers Target Corp and Neiman Marcus Group LLC put focus on cybersecurity last month, leading banks and the retail groups to join forces to try and fix the issues.
The problems described by the FFIEC, which comprises top officials from the Federal Reserve and other bank regulators, are of a different nature, if no less harmful.
In the "Unlimited Operations" fraud, criminals may begin an attack by installing malicious software on a bank`s computers through phishing emails, and then hack into control panels to raise the limits on how much a cash machine can dispense.
In the final phase, the criminals withdraw large amounts of money from a number of cash machines within four hours to two days with stolen bank cards, often on weekends because that`s when there is more money in the machines.
Such operations can be accompanied by a denial-of-service attack, in which a bank`s website is flooded with information requests so that it slows down or completely stops working for clients with legitimate requests.
There had been an increased number of such attacks in the latter half of 2012, the FFIEC said, though these were often also launched by politically motivated groups. 

------------------
Zee Media Bureau

Washington: In view of growing cyber crime and the threat that it poses to the online community, microblogging and social media site Tumblr has reportedly added a two-step authentication method for its users in a bid to keep hackers at bay, thus enhancing their security.
The move follows eight months after Tumblr urged iOS users to change their passwords following a mysterious breach.
Earlier, Tumblr users were required to log-in the same way of putting a password to gain access as most other social websites. But with the new process in place, users would also need their cellular phone numbers along with the user id and password to access the account.

The two-factor authentication is SMS-based, in which Tumblr sends a code in a text message to a user`s mobile phone each time they want to log-in .
Addition of the process puts Tumblr in-line with other services like Gmail and Twitter, which already offer the feature.
With Agency Inputs

------------------
Washington: The National Security Agency hacked into Chinese tech company Huawei`s networks and spied on the company`s top executives, according to reports based on documents leaked by Edward Snowden.
A new report gives a glimpse of the agency`s role in the cyber-intrigues taking place between the US and China.
The documents revealed that the NSA hacked into Huawei`s servers with the hope of gaining information on government plans and of exploiting the company`s products to spy on other foreign rivals, the report added. 

------------------
New Delhi: As enterprises are increasingly adopting technologies like cloud and mobility, they are also facing more security challenges with cyber criminals using malware that are dormant while entering a secure network and then becoming active, networking solutions giant Cisco said.

With companies increasingly adopting concepts like BYOD (bring your own device) and cloud services, they face more security challenges and complexities. Besides,'Internet of Everything' (IoE) that connects all devices and grids, also opens them to heightened security threats.
"In a world that is rapidly moving towards connecting everything, the security risks are also increasing. Now there are dormant cells, which could suddenly get active and how would you then seek protection," Cisco Worldwide Director (Security) Jawahar Sivasankaran said.
The basic action that can be taken when there is a suspected intrusion is to pull the plug and shut down the system, he added.
Cisco is working on a solution called 'Before, During and After' to check such dormant cells. 
Organisations are putting a lot of focus on the 'before' part with strategies like security walls. Cisco continues to invest in innovative technologies in the 'before' area, Sivasankaran said.
"There is a critical need to protect the customers in the 'during and after' phase as well. In our 'Before, During and After' strategy we have focus on visibility driven, threat focus and platform based intrusions," he added.
The focus is continuous security and retrospective analysis. This is what the company is doing through its 'Fire amp Advanced Malware Security' solution, he said.
Mobile security today has become mainstream and people expect more from their IT and security programmes.
"The top challenge with android is the fake app, which opens customers up to advanced malware. In our focus of putting innovation in the 'before' phase, we are also briefing up our activity in the 'during and after' phase," he said.
Asked about sectors affected by malware, Sivasankaran said generally, financial, energy and retail are affected.
New sectors have come up as targets, like agriculture and IoE and this will exasperate the impact on other sectors, he added.
"There are a lot of connections, from farms to processing to transportation and delivering. In India, financial would be high, government and private sectors are also there. Soon energy and pharmaceuticals too will join," Sivasankaran said.
On the issue of data security, he said it is a focus point for Cisco and the company will continue to make investments.
"USD 2.7 billion investment in Sourcefire says that security is a top investment area. We have a little over 600 employees in the business unit that focuses on securities R&D.
"But, beyond R&D, there is a huge portfolio of people in services and solutions in India. We also bought a company called Cognitive that gave us our intelligence," he added. 

------------------
New Delhi: Governments could lose more than USD 50 billion in dealing with costs associated with malware on pirated software, shows a study by the National University of Singapore (NUS) and research firm IDC.

The study, titled `The Link Between Pirated Software and Cyber security Breaches`, expressed concern over the potential impact of cyber security threats on nations.
"It is estimated that governments could lose more than USD 50 billion to deal with the costs associated with malware on pirated software," it said.
According to the study, respondents from the government sector were most worried about the loss of business trade secrets or competitive information (59 percent).
This was followed by concerns about unauthorised access to confidential government information (55 percent) and the impact of cyber attacks on critical infrastructure (55 percent).
"Cyber criminals are profiting from any security lapse they can find, with financially devastating results for everyone," Microsoft Cybercrime Centre Executive Director and Associate General Counsel David Finn said.
Motivated by money, they (cyber criminals) have found new ways to break into computer networks so they can grab whatever they want: identity, passwords and money, he added.
The study also estimates that enterprises worldwide may have to spend nearly USD 500 billion this year to deal with issues caused by malware deliberately loaded onto pirated software.
Of this, USD 127 billion is expected to be spent on dealing with security issues, while USD 364 billion would be spent on dealing with data breaches.
Global consumers, on the other hand, are expected to spend USD 25 billion and waste 1.2 billion hours this year because of security threats and costly computer fixes stemming from malware on pirated software.
"Using pirated software is like walking through a field of landmines: You do not know when you will come upon something nasty, but if you do it can be very destructive," IDC Chief Researcher John Gantz said.

The financial hazards are considerable, and the potential losses could leave once-profitable businesses on a shaky ground, he added.
"Buying legitimate software is less expensive in the long run at least you know that you would not get anything `extra` in the form of malware," he said. 

------------------
Washington: Following a spurt in incidents of massive data breaches, a more sophisticated, collaborative approach by law enforcement agencies around the world is needed to put a stop to it, a Michigan State University cyber security expert argues.

In a new research report by the Michigan State University for the National Institute of Justice, Thomas Holt found many hackers and data thieves are operating in Russia or on websites where users communicate in Russian, making it easier to hide from U.S. and European authorities. All countries need to better work together to fight hacking and data theft campaigns, he said, and use undercover stings in which officers pose as administrators of the Internet forums where stolen data is advertised.
The Target breach, which comprised 40 million credit- and debit-card accounts during the 2013 holiday shopping season, may have originated in Russia, the Wall Street Journal recently reported.
"This is a truly global problem, one that we cannot solve domestically and that has to involve multiple nations and rigorous investigation through various channels," said Holt, associate professor of criminal justice.
Holt authored the 155-page report with Olga Smirnova from Eastern Carolina University.
The National Institute of Justice funded their research, the largest to date on this crime, with a $280,000 grant.
Holt and Smirnova analyzed 13 Internet forums through which stolen credit data was advertised. Specifically, they found:
Ten of the forums were in Russian and three were in English, though the forums were hosted across the world.
Visa and MasterCard were the most common cards for sale.
The average advertised price for a stolen credit- or bank-card number was about 102 dollars, while the average price for access to a hacked eBay or PayPal account was about 27 dollars.
Skilled hackers who steal thousands or even millions of cards generally attempt to quickly dump the data to buyers found through advertisements the hackers create in Internet forums.
The buyers then assume the risk of making purchases or taking cash advances on the cards in return for a potentially large profit.
In the United States, Holt said it is imperative more money and resources - such as Russian-speaking analysts and new technology - be allocated to the FBI, Secret Service and other federal agencies to more effectively combat cybercrime.

Tougher state and federal cybercrime laws should also be passed to promote security and corporate responsibility. While 46 states currently require companies to disclose any loss of sensitive personal information in the event of a security breach, Holt suggested the laws generally don`t go far enough to protect consumers.
"Greater transparency is needed on part of both corporations and banks to disclose the true number of customers affected and to what degree as quickly as possible in order to reduce the risk of customer loss and economic harm," he said.

------------------
Singapore: Cybercriminals are exploiting the disappearance of a Malaysia Airlines plane by luring users to websites purporting to offer the latest news in order to steal their personal information, an Internet security firm warned Tuesday.

Trend Micro urged Internet users to exercise caution when clicking on links shared on social media for news of flight MH370, which mysteriously vanished from the radar in the early hours of March 8 while on its way from Kuala Lumpur to Beijing.
There is no trace of the aircraft or the 239 people on board, despite a massive international search.
Trend Micro said its global network of research, service and support centres TrendLabs had spotted an executable file disguised as a video that, when clicked, allowed scammers to collect a user`s data, such as his or her IP address.
"Given the heightened interest in the missing flight, it was only time (before) cybercriminals used it to their advantage," TrendLabs expert Paul Oliveria said in a statement.
Another scam enticed Facebook users to click a link that leads to a page with the heading: "(BREAKING NEWS) Malaysia Plane Crash into Vietnam sea MH370 Malaysia Airlines is found!"
When the link is clicked, users are taken to a fake page with a "ready to play" video. Further clicks will prompt the user to share the link before the video can be viewed.
"Sharing the video, of course, helps cybercriminals spread their malicious link to other users," Trend Micro said in a statement.

After sharing, the user will be asked to verify his age by completing a `test`. The test was "nothing but another survey scam," it said.
Trend Micro added that cybercriminals have previously used tragedies such as last year`s Super Typhoon Haiyan in the Philippines and the deadly bomb attack on the Boston Marathon to lure unsuspecting users to malicious websites.

------------------
Johannesburg: In what is seen as `hacktivisim,` cyber criminals reportedly hacked Kremlin website, apart from the central bank and Foreign Ministry website.

Russian President Vladimir Putin`s press service revealed that `powerful` cyber attacks were targeted at Kremlin site.
According to a news website, a group calling itself Anonymous Russia highlighted the Kremlin website`s crash on Twitter, signalling it may have been behind the attack.
The same group claimed earlier that it took down the website in May 2012 in solidarity with protests against Putin on his return for a third term as president.
A security expert at Kaspersky Lab, Sergei Lozhkin, revealed that this was a case of `hactivisim`, which is an expression of political or social protest.

Friday`s attacks are particularly embarrassing for Putin because Russia blocked access to the internet sites of prominent Kremlin critics Alexei Navalny and Garry Kasparov on Thursday, under a new law critics say is designed to silence dissent.
Although, the Kremlin denies allegations of censorship or pressure on the media, but its latest move was something government opponents see as a crackdown on independent media and particularly the Internet.
Lozhkin revealed that there had been similar attacks this week on the Internet sites of several Russian media outlets that support Putin, the report added. 

------------------
London: Ever fancied a password that changes every minute? One may soon be available, with engineers developing a new password technique that uses visual patterns and resembles a Sudoku puzzle.

The problem of passwords is that they are very weak, they are always getting hacked, and also, from a user point of view, they are too complicated, everybody has 20, 30, 60 passwords, said Steven Hope, managing director of Winfrasoft.
Worse, they all have to be different, so no one can remember them, so everybody writes them down or resets them every time they log in. They don`t work in the real world today, he added.

And as millions of Internet users have learned the hard way, no password is safe when hackers can net them en masse from banks, e-mail services, retailers or social media websites that fail to fully protect their servers.
In response to the vulnerabilities and hassles of the antiquated user name - password formula, Winfrasoft has developed an alternative based on a four-colour grid with numbers inside that resembles a Sudoku puzzle.
Users select a pattern on the grid as their password and because the numbers inside the boxes change once per minute, the code changes too, making it far harder to hack.

------------------
London: People`s trust in the Internet was now missing, European Commission vice-president Neelie Kroes has claimed.

Kroes said it was clear that people`s trust on the web was diminishing following allegations that the German Chancellor Angela Merkel`s phone was hacked.
Speaking at the Cebit tech fair in Hanover, Kroes said the future of the Internet was based on trust, adding that trust can never again be taken for granted.
According to a website, Kroes, who is responsible for the European Commission `s Digital Agenda, was giving the speech to an audience, which included Merkel and Prime Minister David Cameron.

She said that the next phase of the internet will be data-centred and connectivity-driven, adding that the web was no longer about emails.
She said to make the `leap of faith` into this new world, reliability and trust is a pre-condition.
Kroes added that when even the phone of the chancellor is not sacred, that trust can never again be taken for granted, the report added. 

------------------
New Delhi: The complex structure of cyber crime which thrives on mostly private infrastructure spread globally is making "archaic" investigation techniques ineffective, CBI Director Ranjit Sinha said Wednesday.

"Cyber crime causes serious damage to victims and bring huge losses to global economy. Due to its specific features, cyber crime has proven to be a challenge to the effectiveness of archaic law enforcement mechanisms," he said.
Speaking during the signing of an agreement with Data Security Council of India here, Sinha said, "The complexity of its structure, consisting mostly of privately-owned infrastructure and numerous layers of different factors across jurisdictions, coupled with the relative anonymity it allows, may render traditional methods of investigation ineffective."
CBI signed the MoU with DSCI to use its expertise in updating its officials with new technologies to tackle the menace.
Giving details, CBI spokesperson said the MoU seeks to establish collaboration between law enforcement agencies through CBI and the IT Industry through DSCI for the capacity building of its officers on building up security standards.

She said the MoU will enable sharing the best practices among various enforcement agencies globally, finding solutions to emerging challenges in cyber crime prevention, detection, investigation and prosecution and preparing the stakeholders in their ability to educate and update themselves in emerging computer and information technologies.
"There is a great need for constant capacity building of law enforcement officers in this area.
Cooperation between specialised agencies is the need of the hour to combat highly sophisticated faceless criminals in cyber space," the CBI director said.

------------------
New Delhi: The complex structure of cyber crime which thrives on mostly private infrastructure spread globally is making "archaic" investigation techniques ineffective, CBI director Ranjit Sinha said on Wednesday.

"Cyber crime causes serious damage to victims and bring huge losses to global economy. Due to its specific features, cyber crime has proven to be a challenge to the effectiveness of archaic law enforcement mechanisms," he said.
Speaking during the signing of an agreement with Data Security Council of India here, Sinha said, "The complexity of its structure, consisting mostly of privately-owned infrastructure and numerous layers of different factors across jurisdictions, coupled with the relative anonymity it allows, may render traditional methods of investigation ineffective."

The CBI signed the MoU with DSCI to use its expertise in updating its officials with new technologies to tackle the menace.
Giving details, CBI spokesperson said the MoU seeks to establish collaboration between law enforcement agencies through CBI and the IT Industry through DSCI for the capacity building of its officers on building up security standards.
She said the MoU will enable sharing the best practices among various enforcement agencies globally, finding solutions to emerging challenges in cyber crime prevention, detection, investigation and prosecution and preparing the stakeholders in their ability to educate and update themselves in emerging computer and information technologies.
"There is a great need for constant capacity building of law enforcement officers in this area. Cooperation between specialised agencies is the need of the hour to combat highly sophisticated faceless criminals in cyber space," the CBI director said. 

------------------
Washington: Millions of computers running anti-theft software are reportedly susceptible to hijacking by cyber attackers, according to a research conducted by Kaspersky Lab`s research.
The team has published a report which has revealed that following the weak implementation of anti-theft software marketed by Absolute Software, cyber attackers were capable of turning a useful defensive utility into a powerful instrument.
According to a website, the major reason for this research project was the discovery of the Computrace agent running on several private computers of Kaspersky Lab`s researchers and corporate computers without prior authorisation.
Kaspersky Lab`s principal security researcher, Vitaly Kamluk, said that powerful actors with the ability to tap fiber optics can potentially hijack computers running Absolute Computrace, adding that the software can be used to deploy spyware implants. 

------------------
New Delhi: Multiple vulnerabilities have been detected in popular web browsers Google Chrome and Mozilla Firefox and cyber security sleuths have advised Internet users in the Indian cyberspace to guard against arbitrary activities on their systems.

In view of these suspicious virus-based activities, Internet users have been asked to upgrade their personal versions of these two most used web browsers on their work stations.
"Multiple vulnerabilities have been reported in Mozilla Firefox, Thunderbird and SeaMonkey which could be exploited by a remote attacker to bypass certain security restrictions, disclose potentially sensitive information, gain escalated privileges, execute arbitrary code and causes denial of service condition on the affected system," the Computer Emergency Response Team of India (CERT-IN) said in its latest advisory to online users in the country.
The CERT-In is the nodal agency to combat hacking, phishing and to fortify security-related defences of the Indian Internet arena.
"The two web browsers are an important tool for Internet surfing among Indian online consumers. The anomalies have been detected recently and it would be advised that users upgrade their existing versions sooner than later. These activities are mischiefs on part of hackers or they are harmful viruses," a cyber security expert said.
The agency, in its advisory, said the vulnerability is caused "due to improper restrict access to `about:home` buttons by script on other pages in Mozilla Firefox".
"A user-assisted remote attacker could exploit this vulnerability using a crafted website or webpage. Successful exploitation of this vulnerability could allow user-assisted remote attacker to cause a denial of service condition," the CERT-In said.
Similar issues have been reported in the popular browser offered by Google.
"Multiple vulnerabilities have been reported in Google Chrome which could be exploited by a remote attacker to cause denial of service condition or execute arbitrary code on the target system," the agency said.
The maximum damage these vulnerabilities can cause, the advisory said, was memory corruption, unwanted downloading of files, loss of sensitive information (when Mozilla Firefox is used in Android phones) and cause of denial of various services on the Internet to the user.

The agency advised Internet users to either user proper security patches (Mozilla Firefox) or upgrade the browser version (Google Chrome).
The affected software systems include "Firefox versions prior to 27.0, Firefox extended support release (ESR) versions prior to 24.3, Thunderbird versions prior to 24.3, SeaMonkey versions prior to 2.24 and Google Chrome prior to version 32.0.1700.102." 

------------------
Jaipur: Rajasthan police today expressed concern over the lack of important infrastructure in the state to counter cyber crime.
Speaking at a two-day training programme on information technology, the ADGP (Crime) Ajit Singh said Rajasthan lacked important facilities, infrastructure and equipment to contain cyber crime.


Consumer awareness in information technology was a must to control rising incidence of the crime, he said, and cautioned against disclosing personal information while working on net-banking, lottery, and called for the immediate upgrade of cyber crime units in the state capital and districts.
DGP, ACB, Manoj Bhatt and ADG (Police Academy) B L Soni also spoke on the occasion and stressed on various factors to curb cyber crime.

------------------
San Francisco: Hacker group Syrian Electronic Army claimed to have seized the Facebook.Com online address in what it joked was a belated birthday greeting.

"Happy Birthday Mark," SEA yesterday said in a message fired off from its Twitter account. "Facebook owned by #SEA."
Facebook said that no traffic to the website was hijacked, and that no users of the social network were affected.
The company`s famed co-founder, Mark Zuckerberg, embraces the creative side of hacker culture when it comes to software innovation.
Facebook`s campus in the California city of Menlo Park even has a vanity address of One Hacker Way.

While SEA claimed to have taken control of Facebook`s online domain it was unclear whether it was just in the records of registrar MarkMonitor or if some control of pages had been obtained.
"We changed the name servers, but it is taking too much time," SEA said in a follow-up tweet.
Facebook marked its 10th anniversary on Tuesday, and Zuckerberg referred to the company`s evolution as an "amazing journey" in a post on his profile page at the leading social network. 

------------------
Zee Media Bureau


Johannesburg: As the attack on cyberspace worsens day by day, top hackers of UK will be competing in a challenge to test cyber security.
The main purpose of the hacking challenge, which is organized by Cyber Security Challenge UK in partnership with security company Symantec, is to test the ability of hackers in the UK.
The participants at the event will be required to demonstrate the importance of internet security to the firms that will ensure that their data storage methods are secure.
(With Agency inputs)

------------------
New Delhi: Renowned aerospace and cyber security expert Vivek Lall has been appointed Special Advisor to United Nations to help steer the multi-nation body frame a policy and ensure its implementation in the area of broadband and associated cyber security issues.

Lall, who heads the Indo-US Strategic Dialogue and has formed the Indo-American Chamber of Commerce, is actively engaged in India-US dialogue in various fields including defence, aviation, aerospace and cyber security.
President of the General Assembly, John W Ashe, with whom Lall will be actively working for implementation of this policy, has conveyed his intention to convene a series of three high-level events and thematic debates of member states to put in place a roadmap to operationalise the whole concept of "The post-2015 Development agenda: Setting the Stage", a release said.
The objective of the United Nations is to quickly design, develop and deploy a?cyber security strategy that will identify the unique challenges within the global community and provide services that will help address them in an efficient and cost effective manner. 
Ambassador Francis Lorenzo, who is also Deputy Permanent Representative to the UN, has been a key driver for addressing the South-South cyber security challenges.

According to a 2011 Norton study, threats to cyberspace have increased dramatically in the past year afflicting 431 million adult victims globally -- or 14 adult victims every second and one million cyber crime victims every day.
Cyber crime involves trillion dollars a year in online fraud, identity theft, and lost intellectual property, affecting millions of people around the world, as well as countless businesses and the Governments of every nation.
For the first time at the UN level, a group of governmental experts was recently able to agree to an important set of recommendations on norms, rules, and principles of responsible behaviour by states in cyberspace, the release said. 

------------------
London: Israeli defence computers were hacked via a malicious email attachment, a computer security firm has revealed.

The email looked as if it had been sent by Israel`s Shin Bet secret service tricking several people into opening it, Seculert said.
According to a news website, hackers temporarily got control of 15 computers that are part of Israel`s defence forces following the attack.
Pro-Palestinian hackers are believed to be behind the attack.

Details about the attack were revealed by Aviv Raff, chief technology officer at Israeli firm Seculert, which helped to clean up after attack.
Raff said Palestinian involvement could be possible because of the attack`s similarity to another incident that took place in 2012, which too involved booby-trapped messages sent to Israeli government staff.
Raff said that the messages written in both the emails were written and formatted in a very similar style. 

------------------
New Delhi: The government and the industry will spend about Rs 500 crore for creating workforce of 5 lakh professionals skilled in cyber security domain in the next five years, a senior government official said today.

"It can`t be only government led programme. Some part of the budget will come from government, some from industry. The overall budget is going to be about Rs 500 crore and at the end of fifth year we will have 500,000 cyber security experts," CERT-In Director General Gulshan Rai said at an event here.
He was referring to government`s target envisaged under the National Cyber Security Policy, 2013, while innaugurating a cybersecurity education and research centre at the institute.
Rai said that very few institutes in the country are working on strategic and emerging area where there are cyber security concern like mobile, operating system and there is lack of talent to work on security related work.
"There was a test on security code and only 21 per cent graduate engineers were able to clear test. About 79 per cent could not pass security code test. We need to move up from this level," Rai said.

CERT-In DG said that cyber attacks have now gone at war level and things are becoming more complicated as we integrate more of software in modern weapons.
IIIT-D Director Pankaj Jalote said that the institute has started partnering with industry and through the new centre will work out on programs to train people from industry and government.
"From today onward we have facility in place. Now we will look at utilising for conducting outreach and research program. We current have intake of 170 students at graduation level, 121 at post-graduate and about 20 PhD levels. They all will contribute to work from this centre," Jalote said. 

------------------
New Delhi: India needs secure systems and networks to tackle the increasing threats against the cyber security of the country, Gulshan Rai, director general of the Indian government`s Computer Emergency Response Team said Thursday.

Inaugurating the Cyber Security Education and Research Centre of Indraprastha Institute of Information Technology (IIIT) here at its Delhi campus, he said that around half a million people are required in the next five years to address issues related to cyber security. 
"We need to train our people to help understand integration of technology, so that we indeed have a strong force to tackle cyber security", Rai said.
He said countries like Japan, South Korea and the US have specialised programmes and people in this area. Even Singapore has its own programme to train people in the field of cyber security.
To fight all sorts of cyber security threats, Gulshan Rai said, "We need cyber security education, re-orientation of IITs`, NITs` and IIITs` certification programmes, and research and development".

He pointed out that few institutions in the country are dealing with this issue. Security of systems at the mobile level is vital, he said, and to deal with the task, people with advanced training, M.Tech and Ph.D-level knowledge and ability, would be needed.
The centre at the IIIT-D will engage in high-level education, technical training and research, with the aim of helping various stakeholders like the government, industry and general public ensure cyber security.
"As people, institutions and services move online, cyber-security has become critically important. This calls for sustained and high-quality education and research in this field," said Kiran Karnik, chairman of the IIIT-D Board of Governors.

------------------
Washington: The number sequence "123456" has overtaken "password" as the most common worst password among Internet users, an online security firm says.

Releasing its annual Worst Passwords list, SplashData said it was the first time "password" had lost its number-one position, changing places with its numerical rival.
In third place was "12345678," unchanged from 2012, while "qwerty" and "abc123" came in fourth and fifth -- and "iloveyou" climbed two spots to number nine.

Swinging the results, SplashData said, was a major security breach involving Adobe software that laid bare the widespread use of weak passwords among users of such Adobe products as Photoshop.
"Seeing passwords like `adobe123` and `photoshop` on this list (for the first time) offers a good reminder not to base your password on the name of the website or application you are accessing," said SplashData chief executive Morgan Slain, whose company markets password management apps.
Like other password experts, SplashData encouraged Internet users to opt for "passphrases" -- a bunch of random words, numbers and characters, like "smiles_like_skip?" -- that are easy to remember, but harder for online scam artists to crack.

------------------
Davos: Failure to boost cyber security could cost the world economy a staggering USD 3 trillion as new regulations and approaches to deal with destructive attacks would stifle innovation, says a report.

With the recent proliferation of cyberattacks, corporate executives need to devote increasing attention to protecting information assets and on-line operations, according to the report released today by the World Economic Forum (WEF) in collaboration with global consultancy McKinsey & Company.
Titled 'Risk and Responsibility in a Hyperconnected World', the report cautioned that there could be increased cyber attacks if there is a failure to strengthen capabilities for deterring such activities.
Major technology trends, including massive analytics, cloud computing and big data, could create between USD 9.6 trillion and USD 21.6 trillion in value for the global economy.
"However, if attacker sophistication outpaces defender capabilities - resulting in more destructive attacks - a wave of new regulations and corporate policies could slow innovation, with an aggregate impact of approximately USD 3 trillion by 2020," the report said.
Large institutions lack the facts and processes to make and implement effective decisions about cyber resilience, the report noted and added that overall, the cyber risk management capabilities of a large majority of firms are at a nascent or developing stage.
Developing resilience to cyber risks in the economic and social systems is not a question of simply building walls for security, said Alan Marcus, Senior Director and Head of Information Technology and Telecommunications Industries at the World Economic Forum USA.
"There are trade-offs to be made with other goals we wish to value, such as privacy, growth, innovation, and the free flow of goods and data. But to make good decisions, we need better data," he said.
There needs to be a fundamental change in the way we protect ourselves from cyber attacks, the report said.
"Check-the-box compliance-based approaches simply don't work anymore. Companies and public institutions need to build cybersecurity capabilities that are scalable, deeply integrated into the broader IT environment and focused on addressing the more important business risks," a Partner at McKinsey & Company James Kaplan said.
The report draws on knowledge and opinions derived from a series of workshops and interviews from over 300 top global executives, government, civil society and experts from different sectors. 

------------------
Washington: The alleged attack against popular backup service Dropbox by a hacker group appears to be a hoax.


A known " Anonymous" Twitter account tweeted that they hacked the website in the honor of fallen Internet activist, Aaron Swartz.
According to a website, Dropbox representatives sent an email indicating that Dropbox`s outage happened as a byproduct of `internal maintenance`.
The site was not hacked, and user data that was posted to Pastebin as supposed proof of the hack has a timestamp of December 9, the report said.
The outage brought down Dropbox`s cloud service via both the Web and the company`s desktop client. 

------------------
Washington: The database of credit card customers at upscale American department store Neiman Marcus was hacked in December.


Marcus confirmed that its database of customer information was hacked last month, independent security researcher Brian Krebs reported.
According to a website, online Neiman Marcus shoppers have reportedly not been affected by the hacking so far, only retail shoppers.
Ginger Reeder, a spokesperson for Dallas-based Neiman Marcus, told Krebs that details on the hack are sparse, the report said.
The cause, size, and duration of the attack are currently unknown, it added.

------------------
Zee Media Bureau\Philaso G Kaping 

Washington: Hackers went on a spree to mine Bitcoins on Yahoo`s service sites last week.
Bitcoin is a peer-to-peer payment system and digital currency. The hackers placed ads on Yahoo sites that when clicked by users, resulted in malware being installed on their computer, according to  reports.
The attack lasted from December 31 through January 3 but did not cause any harm to the PCs.

Yahoo Inc acknowledged the attack but said only European sites were affected and the company promptly removed the advertisements. 
Users in North America, Asia Pacific and Latin America were not served these advertisements and were not affected. Additionally, users using Macs and mobile devices were not affected.

------------------
New York: Some advertisements on Yahoo Inc`s European websites last week spread malicious software, Yahoo said on Sunday, potentially infecting thousands of users.

On Friday, Fox-IT, a Delft, Netherlands-based computer security firm, wrote in a blog that attackers had inserted malicious ads served by ads.yahoo.com.
In statement on Sunday, a Yahoo spokesman, said: "On Friday, January 3 on our European sites, we served some advertisements that did not meet our editorial guidelines, specifically they spread malware." Yahoo said it promptly removed the bad ads, and that users of Mac computers and mobile devices were not affected.
Malware is software used to disrupt a computer`s operations, gather sensitive information, or gain access to private computer systems.
Fox-IT estimated that on Friday, the malware was being delivered to approximately 300,000 users per hour, leading to about 27,000 infections per hour. The countries with the most affected users were Romania, Britain, and France.
"It is unclear which specific group is behind this attack, but the attackers are clearly financially motivated and seem to offer services to other actors," Fox-IT wrote in the January 3 blog post. 

------------------
London: BBC, the world's largest and oldest broadcaster, reportedly fell victim to a Russian hacker who tried to sell access to the system to other cyber criminals over Christmas.

The hacker, claimed to be Russian, took over a BBC server and launched a Christmas Day campaign to convince other cyber criminals to pay him for access to the system.
However, BBC's security team reportedly secured the site on Saturday.
A BBC spokesperson refused to confirm or deny the reports, saying: "We do not comment on security issues."
The server?belonging to the British public broadcaster was reportedly broken into via a server usually used for uploading large files.
The attack was first identified by Hold Security LLC, an American cyber security firm in Milwaukee monitoring underground cyber-crime forums in search of stolen information.
The firm's researchers noticed a notorious Russian hacker known as 'HASH' and 'Rev0lver' attempting to sell access to the BBC server on December 25, the company's founder and chief information security officer, Alex Holden, was quoted in the British press as saying.
The BBC has been the target of a number of attacks.
In 2012 it was subjected to a cyber-attack, allegedly from Iran, which knocked out its Persian service.
When Syrian hackers managed to break into the Associated Press account in April and faked a story about an attack on the White House, the US stock market dropped by 143 points in seconds.
Cyber attackers calling themselves the Syrian Electronic Army had also claimed responsibility for a Twitter attack on the 'Guardian' newspaper as well as the BBC and France 24 TV earlier this year.
Last January, the 'New York Times' reported that it had been repeatedly attacked over four months by Chinese hackers who obtained employees' passwords. 

------------------
Boston: A hacker secretly took over a computer server at the BBC, Britain`s public broadcaster, and then launched a Christmas Day campaign to convince other cyber criminals to pay him for access to the system. 

While it is not known if the hacker found any buyers, the BBC`s security team responded to the issue on Saturday and believes it has secured the site, according to a person familiar with the cleanup effort. 
A BBC spokesman declined to discuss the incident. "We do not comment on security issues," he said. 
It was not clear how the BBC, the world`s oldest and largest broadcaster, uses that site, ftp.bbc.co.uk, though ftp systems are typically used to manage the transfer of large data files over the Internet.
The attack was first identified by Hold Security LLC, a cybersecurity firm in Milwaukee that monitors underground cyber-crime forums in search of stolen information. 
The firm`s researchers observed a notorious Russian hacker known by the monikers "HASH" and "Rev0lver," attempting to sell access to the BBC server on December 25, the company`s founder and chief information security officer, Alex Holden, told Reuters. 
"HASH" sought to convince high-profile hackers that he had infiltrated the site by showing them files that could only be accessed by somebody who really controlled it, Holden said. 
So far Hold Security researchers have found no evidence the conversations led to a deal or that data was stolen from the BBC, Holden said. 
It is common for hackers to buy and sell access to compromised servers on underground forums.
Buyers view the access as a commodity that grants them the chance to further penetrate the victim organization. They can also use compromised servers to set up command-and-control centers for cyber-crime operations known as botnets, run spam campaigns or launch denial of service attacks to knock websites off line. 
The BBC offer stands out because the media company is such a high-profile organization, Holden said. "It`s definitely a notch in someone`s belt." 
BBC has some 23,000 staff and is funded largely by license fees paid by every British household with a television. 
Justin Clarke, a principal consultant for the cybersecurity firm Cylance Inc, said that while "HASH" was only offering access to an obscure ftp server, some buyers might see it as a stepping stone to more prized assets within the BBC. 

"Accessing that server establishes a foothold within BBC`s network which may allow an attacker to pivot and gain further access to internal BBC resources," he said. 
Media companies, including the BBC, have repeatedly been targeted by the Syrian Electronic Army, which supports Syrian President Bashar al-Assad, and other hacker activist groups that deface websites and take over Twitter accounts.
Last January the New York Times (NYT.N) reported that it had been repeatedly attacked over four months by Chinese hackers who obtained employees` passwords.

------------------
Hyderabad: There has been a dip in number of criminal cases registered under IPC and SLL (Special and Local Laws) during 2013 in Hyderabad City, which saw 18,013 cases as compared to 18,744 cases during 2012, city Police Commissioner said on Saturday.

However, crimes against women and cyber crimes rose in 2013.
 "The year 2013 has been a year of challenges for Hyderabad Police. There had been several meetings, besides protests (series of pro and anti-Telangana agitations) in Hyderabad which posed a challenge for the city police," Hyderabad City Police Commissioner Anurag Sharma said.
 "The ultimate aim was to maintain law and order in the state capital and with lot of efforts and team work we have been able to maintain that," Sharma told reporters as part of the annual press conference.
 Crime prevention and detection during 2013 was good. Though, offences of murder for gain, murder, snatching, kidnapping and rape increased, dacoity, robbery, house burglary and automobile theft cases decreased, Sharma said.
 Cyber crimes showed almost 350 per cent increase with 47 cases in 2012 to 162 cases this year. Similarly, crimes against women rose to 2,124 in 2013 compared to 1,823 in the previous year, the Hyderabad Police chief said.
 Hyderabad City again came under terror attack this year on February 21 with two blasts killing 17 persons and injuring over 100 at Dilsukhnagar here, he said.
 The officer pointed out that this case was cracked by NIA with the arrest of Asadullah Akhtar alias `Haddi` and IM`s co-founder Yasin Bhatkal. However, three other accused including Pakistan-based Riyaz Bhatkal and two others Tahsen Akhtar and Iqbal Bhatkal were absconding.
 80 accused, including three foreigners, were arrested in connection with 40 NDPS cases registered this year, and 72 grams of cocaine and 100 grams of brown sugar and other contraband were seized from them, the senior police officer said. 
Replying to a query on an incident in which some young people were seen in a video clip doing sit-ups against the backdrop of Golconda Fort and Qutub Shahi Tombs here recently in the presence of police, the Hyderabad Police Commissioner said he did not support the action of one Inspector who had allegedly engaged in "moral policing".

 "No," Sharma said in reply to a query if he supports the act by the Inspector in connection with this incident.
 "... Police should act as per law... Morally whatever may be your stand. While one is working in police department we are bound by law and we should go by law and we will go by law," Sharma added. 

------------------
Tokyo: Japan is reportedly seeking to curb the increased cyberattacks on the nation`s government systems and in a bid to have the ability to counter the attacks by a foreign nation, it is mulling over plans to cooperate with the US that has the most sophisticated counterattack technology.

A source said that the ability would include being able to attack a server in self-defense if government computer systems were attacked.
According to a local news daily, the Japanese government plans to set up a `cyberdefense task force` within the Self-Defense Forces next March and the defense ministry along with other government agencies have begun compiling concrete measures to wage a counterattack.

The source said that the Japanese officials are considering waging distributed denial-of-service attacks that send huge amounts of data to offending servers.
A senior official has pointed that US cooperation is indispensable for such a task because identifying the source of cyberattack requires very sophisticated computer technology.
However, as counterattacks can also violate a Japanese law banning unauthorized access to servers and computers, the government is also planning to scrutinize the legal problems that might arise in obtaining counterattack capability, the report added. 

------------------
London: A latest malware reportedly demands ransom to restore the files that the hackers have encrypted.

Security company IntelCrawler discovered the malware, dubbed Locker, which demands 150 dollars to restore the files.
According to the BBC, the cyber criminals behind Locker tried to emulate the success of CryptoLocker`s sophisticated use of encryption that racked up thousands of victims this year.
IntelCrawler said that the flaws in the malicious program suggest that it might be easier to defeat it than CryptoLocker.
The security firm said that it first saw `large-scale distribution` of several different versions of Locker early this month and so far, it had targeted people across the US, Europe and Russia.
Reasearcher at IntelCrawler, Andrey Komarov explained that when Locker infects a machine, it deletes files leaving only encrypted copies behind and also drops a small file containing a unique ID number and contact details for Locker`s creators.

The file also warns that no key will be given to any victim who harasses or threatens the malware`s creators, and the key to unscramble the files would be provided only when the person pays the ransom.
Komarov said that IntelCrawler had managed to penetrate the network the cyber-thieves were using to monitor victims and this led to extraction of universal key s used to scramble target files, the report added. 

------------------
London: More than two million stolen passwords for sites like Facebook, Google and Yahoo have been reportedly posted online by cyber criminals.

Security experts suspect that the confidential data was taken from computers infected with malicious software that logged key presses.
Security researcher Graham Cluley said that 30-40 percent of people use the same passwords on different websites which makes the leaked information more vulnerable.
Security firm Trustware discovered the site containing the leaked passwords and the researchers believed that the passwords had been harvested by a large botnet, dubbed Pony that had scooped up information from thousands of infected computers worldwide.
According to the report, the site, written in Russian , claimed to offer 318,121 username and password combinations for Facebook, Google, Yahoo, Twitter and LinkedIn.

Meanwhile, Facebook said that it was not at fault and the breach happened due to infected user machines, adding that it has put the victim users through a password reset process.
The report said that users can protect their Facebook passwords by changing their Login Approvals and Login Notifications in their security settings. 

------------------
Washington: Cyber crime reports have revealed that 2014 will experience more cyber attacks and corporations will have to conduct more boardroom scrutiny to manage their data supply chains.


Security firms Kroll and Experian reported that the corporate boards will have to intensely scrutinise how their C-suite executives are managing and protecting their data pipelines from problems that could lead to regulatory penalties, shareholder lawsuits and reputational damage.
The number of data breaches reported are also expected to rise in 2014, the report added. 

------------------
Cape Town: A security company has said the risk posed by malware is putting more users off using online banking applications.

The survey conducted by Kaspersky Lab and B2B International revealed around one third of users do not feel safe when conducting financial transactions on smartphones and tablets.
The survey found some 28 percent of smart device users did not feel comfortable engaging in financial transactions on the platform.
According to the report, only 22 percent of tablet and 27 percent of smartphone users are unconcerned about entering financial information from their gadgets.

The survey highlights the risk of expanding digital platforms as financial institutions are increasingly shifting towards online methods.
The Kaspersky survey reported that some 13 percent of smart device users said they would not use their tablets or smartphones for banking because of the security threat, the report added. 

------------------
New Delhi: With growing reluctance of service providers to furnish real time information in cyber crime cases, India will seek active cooperation from the US for setting a joint mechanism to overcome such difficulties.

As the two countries plan to meet at the India-US Homeland Security dialogue here on December 4, the difficulties faced by Indian security agencies in cyber-crime related cases top the agenda.
The two-day meet will be inaugurated by Home Minister Sushilkumar Shinde and attended by US Assistant Secretary for Policy (Homeland Security) David Heyman and US Ambassador to India Nancy Powell among others.
In the agenda papers it was stated that India, which ranks fifth in the world in the incidence of cyber crime, has seen hacking of 9,000 websites in three years thus posing a serious threat to the government.
"Cyber criminals are now moving beyond computers and attacking mobile hand held devices such as smart phones and tablets," it said.
Highlighting the difficulties faced by Indian security agencies, the papers said most of the prominent service providers like Hotmail, Google, Facebook, Twitter are based in the US and a general request takes anywhere between 15 and 80 days.
"Further there is no guarantee that the required information would be provided at all.
"... However, despite urgent requests, there have never been provided by any of the service providers even in single case," it was stated.
To start with, an Indo-American Alert, Watch and Warn Network of participating Law Enforcement Agencies of both the countries should be set up to rapidly disseminate cyber crime information and to manage response to crises, incidents and threats.
The agenda paper said expert groups should be set up to promote legal mechanism that encourages cooperation in cyber crime matters and to facilitate the creation of training materials and other things.
It also highlighted that in certain cases, some of the service providers did not even remove hate speeches that were considered illegal content in India.
"In many instances, hate speech on various social media sites have resulted in communal violence within the country. Even in such important matters, the service providers have refused to remove content from their servers," it said.
The agenda paper also deliberated on social chatting sites including WhatsApp, BBM and We Chat besides Internet- based videos sites.
"The availability of their web servers in India is required for lawful interception of the communications in real time or near real time manner for timely action by the security and intelligence agencies," it said.
"The technology in use by the US agencies may be an area of cooperation," it added. 

------------------
New Delhi: Indian companies lost around USD 53 million (about Rs 328 crore) due to phishing scams with the country facing over 3,750 attacks in July-September this year, making it the fourth most attacked nation globally, a report by leading IT services firm EMC said.

Globally, firms lost USD 1.7 billion on account of cyber criminals launching 1,25,212 phishing attacks in July- September 2013, witnessing a rise in attack volume compared to the second quarter, says Anti-Fraud Command Center`s (AFCC) fraud report for Q3 2013, prepared by EMC`s security division RSA.
RSA is a provider of security, risk and compliance management solutions for business acceleration.
Phishing involves sending emails purporting to be from reputable firms to unsuspecting individuals and also corporate entities to induce then in revealing personal and financial information like passwords, credit card numbers, etc.
"Total amount of losses incurred in third quarter of 2013 are USD 1.66 Billion. Brands in the US, the UK, India and Australia were targeted by almost 50 per cent of the phishing attacks in Q3 2013," the report said.
Firms in the US incurred a loss of over USD 882 million followed by Germany (USD 294 million), the UK (USD 133 million), India (USD 52.9 million), South Africa (USD 43 million) and others (USD 261 million), it added.
RSA ranked India fourth most targeted country by phishing attacks receiving 3 per cent of the total volume. Other countries targeted by phishing attacks were US (53 per cent), Germany (17 per cent), the UK (8 per cent) and South Africa (3 per cent), it said.

India ranks third in phishing attacks on brands with 7 per cent of the total volume worldwide. The US with 27 per cent tops the chart followed by the UK with 12 percent.
AFCC is a 24x7 war-room that detects, tracks, blocks and shuts down phishing, pharming and Trojan attacks perpetrated by online fraudsters. 

------------------
New Delhi: Even as companies are beefing up investments to counter attacks on new platforms like cloud and mobility, lack of human capital and increasing sophisticated attacks make it difficult for any one firm to alone address the challenges, technology giant Verizon said.

In its enterprise technology trends for 2014, US-based Verizon projected that the dynamic nature of breaches will lead to a rise in spendings by firms on cyber security.
"As enterprises increasingly adopt mobility, big data, cloud and broadcast solutions, the complexity of effective cyber security programmes far exceeds both the availability of human capital around the world and the capability of any one enterprise to execute alone," Verizon said in a report.
New York-headquartered Verizon Communications, which is one of the largest broadband and telecom services providers in the US, said going forward organisations embracing the new information technology world of cloud, mobility and M2M will see IT increasingly decentralised.
The report, however, forecasts that the growing number of sophisticated attacks will lead to a rise in investments on cyber security.
"Continued targeted attacks and high-profile security breaches impel corporate boards of directors to demand substantial increases in security investments in 2014 and rethinking of traditional approaches to cyber security management," the report said.
In a world where mobile is the norm and rich media content is a given, cloud will come into its own as the only location where growing data volumes can be stored, accessed and analysed on demand, David Small, Chief Platform Officer of Verizon Enterprise Solutions, said.
"In 2014, adding software and services to cloud will be a key focus for cloud providers to attract customers," Small said adding integrated cloud offerings will increasingly enable mashups of fixed and mobile networks.
Irrespective of the industry or sector, clients will look to invest and innovate in 2014 to deliver their products and services "more rapidly and securely where, when, and how their users want them," he said.
Verizon Enterprise Solutions designs, builds and operates networks, information systems and mobile technology platforms. 

------------------
New Delhi: Faced with cyber security threats, the aviation industry, which has spent over USD 100 billion on security since 9/11, should share best practices and partner with governments to adapt to new challenges and tackle them, airlines' body IATA has said.

Noting that aviation now relies on computer systems for almost every aspect of the business, leaving it potentially vulnerable to cyber attack, IATA asked the industry, governments, regulators and manufacturers to work together to share best practices and mitigation strategies.
The International Air Transport Association (IATA) has also called for a partnership between industry, governments and regulators to enhance aviation security by embracing a globally harmonised, risk-based system.
"We need to be ready for this change in thinking. How should regulators treat this new security dimension, and how can airlines tackle cyber security and airline security as a single unit? Our resources are not infinite," IATA chief Tony Tyler said at a recent global conference on aviation security.
Advocating significant reforms in aviation security culture, the IATA said appropriate training of security specialists was needed by the industry and regulators alike, "while the move from one-size-fits-all to risk-based procedures needs to accelerate."
Asserting that the cost of aviation security needed to be reviewed, with over USD 100 billion spent by airlines alone since 9/11, the IATA said, "The industry needs to be sure that this money is being well-spent."
Tyler also noted three key areas of improving security cooperation -- early collaboration between industry and government, shift to a risk-based approach and enhancing security through a strong and harmonised global system as against adopting disparate approaches.
Maintaining that development of secure cargo chains has been a consequence of the foiled 2010 printer cartridge bomb plot, IATA warned against proliferation of security auditing regimes, with Tyler saying, "it would be better for governments to mutually recognise secure freight programmes" of other countries. 

------------------
New Delhi: Organisations around the world are likely to witness more complex and diverse cyber-attacks in 2014 even as volume of malware attacks will decrease, security solutions provider Websense said today.

"Cybercriminals will rely less on high-volume advanced malware because over time it runs a higher risk of detection. They will instead use lower volume, more targeted attacks to secure a foothold, steal user credentials and move unilaterally throughout infiltrated networks," Websense 2014 security predictions said.
Stating that a major data-destruction attack will happen next year, the firm said organisations need to be concerned about cyber criminals using a breach to destroy data.
"Ransomware will play a part in this trend and move down market to small- and medium-sized organisations," it said.
The security firm predicted cybercriminals will focus their attacks more on data stored in the cloud versus data stored on the network.
"In 2014, cyberattacks will be even more complex and diverse. While the general volume of advanced malware will decrease-we predict the volume of targeted attacks and data destruction incidents will increase," Websense vice president of security research Charles Renert said.
Websense said Java will remain extremely exposed to exploitation as most end points will continue to run older versions.
"Attackers will reserve zero-day Java exploits for targeting high-value networks with good Java patching practices," it said.

It also highlighted that attackers will increasingly lure executives and compromise organisations via professional social networks.
"As social networking continues to appeal to the business community in 2014, attackers will increasingly use professional websites, such as LinkedIn, to research and lure executives. This highly targeted method will be used to gather intelligence and compromise networks," it added.

------------------
New Delhi: Cyber security firm Quick Heal Wednesday said it has detected a new computer virus, CryptoLocker ransomware, which after encrypting files in a user`s computer demands a ransom of USD 300 (around Rs 18,500) for decrypting them.

Ramsomware, a kind of malicious software, is designed to block access to a computer until a certain sum of money is paid. Generally, it targets individuals.
"In early September 2013, Quick Heal Threat Research and Response lab received several incidents about a malware that once executed encrypts files in the victim`s computer and demands a certain ransom for decryption," Quick Heal said in a statement.
This malware makes a demand of USD 300 through prepaid card services like UKash, Bitcoin or MoneyPak, it added.
This type of malware is spread using social engineering tricks especially via email such as fake FedEx or UPS tracking notifications with attachments. Once the victim opens such email attachments, CryptoLocker gets installed and starts scanning the hard disk for all kinds of documents, it said.
Documents include images, videos, documents, spreadsheets and presentations, Quick Heal said adding the virus encrypts the files and once the user starts operating his/her system, it pops a message demanding a sum of USD 300 to buy a private key to decrypt the files, Quick Heal added.
"The malware gives a deadline of 100 hours to pay the ransom and get the private key to decrypt the data. If the amount is not paid it destroys the private key and your encrypted data is locked forever with no way to recover it," the firm said.
Hackers behind this malware are able to avoid the trace back by using digital cash systems like Bitcoins and MoneyPack where the payments can be anonymous.
"Since last couple of weeks we have been seeing over 500 incidents per day of this malware.
The incidents are being reported from all over India," Quick Heal Chief Technical Officer Sanjay Katkar said.

The firm also said that cyber criminals are employing similar tactics to fleece money from the victims.
"Another similar kind of ransomware that goes by the name of `Anti-Child Porn Spam` was seen infecting few computers in last couple of days. This shows that the trend for ransomware is growing," Quick Heal added.

------------------
Johannesburg: The United Nations atomic agency has said some of its computers were infected by malicious software.

This is the second embarrassing IT slip-up over the past year for the International Atomic Energy Agency.
The IAEA, which holds highly sensitive information on its member states` nuclear facilities, said that none of its data was compromised.

According to the report, the agency said that the malware hit data on the USB drives of visitors to the IAEA in Vienna, although the devices themselves were not infected and did not spread the bug further.
Last November, the IAEA revealed that hackers had accessed one of its computer servers and posted the contact details of some of the watchdog`s experts online, the report added.

------------------
London: Children as young as 9 are indulging in very risky behaviour online, a survey has revealed.

Many children between 9 and 11 are sharing personal information and playing games rated for much older children, the survey drawn up by the ISC2 IT security education group found.
According to a website, the survey found that 18 percent of the 1,162 children questioned said they had arranged offline meetings with friends made through the web.
Meanwhile, a second survey suggested that 55 percent of young people in England accept cyber bullying as part of everyday life.
The survey exposed the amount of time that younger children were spending online and what they got up to.

It found that 43 percent went online everyday and 46 percent spent more than two hours each time they browsed.
The most popular online activities among kids were playing video games, 23 percent, using social networks at 18 percent and watching videos at 17 percent.

------------------
New Delhi: Deputy National Security Adviser Nehchal Sandhu Tuesday expressed serious concerns over growing threats to cyber security and said the private sector needs to do more to insulate itself against such threats and spread awareness among the public.

"We have a suspicion in government... Some corporate managements are relatively unaware of the need to ensure the cyber security. They do not yet understand what kind of damage can be caused to their business and commercial earnings...," he said at a summit on cyber security.
He also asked the private sector to actively participate and cooperate with the government in developing cyber security standards.
The detected cyber security incidents increased to 22,016 in 2012, which was some 70 percent more than the previous year. Four years ago, he said, the number was around 400.
He said the threats have mutated and now come in the form of small but highly dangerous malware. "Small malware which is slim, little bandwidth being used... It has high velocity and high spread. It does not register on your profile but still has high effect...," he said.
He maintained through the Joint Working Group, the government was looking forward to participation from the private sector on developing cyber security standards.
"Now that India has become an authorising nation under the CCRA regime, we now have the ability to further authorize testing laboratories. They are going to have a similar arrangement through PPSC, Bangalore and the private sector has an opportunity to establish testing laboratories for validation," Sandhu said at another event on similar topic.
He said that as per the national cyber security policy there are talks of creating 500,000 cyber security professionals in the next few years.
The private sector needs to avail this sort of business opportunity. Besides National Institute of Electronics and Information Technology, there are institutions like NIIT and Aptech which could get into of trainig cyber security professionals.
"We are in the process of initiating the processes of testing and certification of such cyber security professionals so that once they emerge from these institutions, they are good enough to assume duties at the practical level," Sandhu said.
Stressing how the private sector can further cooperate with the goverment, Sandhu said the Principal Scientific Advisor to the Prime Minister has been given sizable funds to promote R&D and there is sufficient scope within that scheme for private enterprises to present their projects and to partake the funds the government has made available.
Sandhu, however, said awareness about cyber security is something that is retained at the middle level of corporates. CEOs of companies do not necessarily have the kind of awareness in essentials of cyber security.
The former Intelligence Bureau Director rejected suggestions offered by some experts that recognising content is essential to deal with malware, saying they are not in consonace with Indian laws, which do not allow the "intrusion" unless a valid reason exists.
He said there is a real threat to cyber security and therefore "there is a need to recognise the threat for what it is and also to put in place a mechanism which will insulate us from the threat".

Cooperation across the border would be an essential prerequisite for preventing cyber attacks as different countries are being used as platforms to launch attacks, he said.
"International cooperation is a must if we want to investigate cyber security incidents and get to its root. Attribution has become a big problem. This is an area where there needs to be cooperation," Sandhu said.

------------------
New Delhi: The technology used by cyber attackers like malwares and tor can be used to counter them, a top official of country`s technical intelligence body NTRO said Monday.

"You keep on hearing about cookies, proxies then anonymous services like onion routing, tor or honey pod. These are kind of things used by attackers. Same technology can be used to counter them," NTRO Chairman Alhad G Apte said at a two-day summit organised by industry chamber Assocham.
The Chairman of National Technical Research Organization said that method to address cyber security issues have to be through new approaches but the situation is not as grim as it is sometimes made out to be. 
He said intrusion detection systems which finds out cyber attack made on infrastructure can be used in predictive analysis of the attack so as to minimise the response time for new types of attack. 
"For effective cyber security we should first create convenient system for acceptable use of cyber world. We tend to put more and more restriction and sometime these restrictions become counterproductive," Apte said. 
He called for strong cooperation among all stakeholders connected with cyber space for dealing with cyber security issues. 
"This is a borderless state and breach is likely to result in some kind of national security issues," Apte said

Speaking on the occasion, Ex-Centre Director of National Critical Information Infrastructure Protection Centre, Muktesh Chander said that people always knew about vulnerability of coastal borders but security has been beefed up after Mumbai attack.v
"Let us not repeat this mistake of waking up after disaster. A digital Pearl Harbour need not happen to make us realise dangers of cyber space on our national security," Chander said. 
He said we need to our guard our secrets in cyber world from large scale cyber espionage.
"Prevention and detection of cyber attack and if need be retaliation in cyber space is the need of the hour," Chander said.

------------------
Washington: Google has reportedly decided to demote mug shot sites from its search results in a bid to help criminals or offenders come over the uncomfortable memory of the crimes and get a chance at not being stigmatized.

Several for-profit web sites repost mug shots obtained from local law enforcement agencies making it appear as a public service, however, it may hinder the efforts of those acquiring jobs or housing opportunities, who are guilty and want to pursue a better life.
According to a website, these sites often charge people 400 dollars or more for an `unpublish service` to remove their images but these images still appear in search results like Google if a particular mug shot name is keyed into a query.
To tackle the issue, a Google spokesperson said that the company`s team is working for an improvement to their search algorithms.

The report said that even the payments backbone of the commerce on the Internet is also cutting off mug shot sites including PayPal , American Express, Discover and MasterCard who find the activity `repugnant` and had urged the merchant bank that handles those accounts to end those relationships. 
ANI

------------------
Tokyo: Japan and the United States will discuss strengthening defences against cyber-attacks, reports said today, as Tokyo looks to play a more active role in global security.

At talks in Japan later this week, the foreign and defence ministers from both countries will undertake their first review for 15 years of how their security alliance operates.
Measures to counter cyber-attacks will be high on the agenda, the Yomiuri Shimbun said.
The Sankei Shimbun carried a similar story, adding "cooperation in space will be another important issue".
Tokyo is looking to reassert itself on the global stage, with Prime Minister Shinzo Abe calling for a more self-confident military stance.
Japan is particularly concerned about what it considers China's dangerous behaviour around the Tokyo-controlled Senkaku islands, an archipelago in the East China Sea that Beijing claims and refers to as the Diaoyu islands.
Abe, a conservative who is the politically strongest Japanese leader in nearly a decade, has stepped up defence spending and advocated a firm line.
In a speech to the Hudson Institute in New York last week, he said Japan should  no longer be a "weak link" in global security, or for its ally the United States.
The US is particularly concerned about the threat from cyber-attacks, which it has said largely emanate from China.
China insists it is also the victim of hacking and points to accusations made by US intelligence leaker Edward Snowden, who said US spies had worked their way into the billion-plus nation's Internet network.
US Secretary of Defence Chuck Hagel and Secretary of State John Kelly will meet their Japanese counterparts Itsunori Onodera and Fumio Kishida on Thursday.
They will renew overall operational arrangements for the Tokyo-Washington alliance which were last amended in 1997, officials have said.
The so-called "2+2" meeting "will take up a wide range of issues over Japan-US defence cooperation as the security environment surrounding Japan is increasingly severe", Onodera said Friday.
The meeting will also include a review of issues around the planned relocation of a base in urban Okinawa, a thorny subject that has been stalled for years by local opposition.
Tokyo and Washington last year agreed that Japan will meet up to USD 2.8 billion of the USD 8.6 billion cost of moving 9,000 US Marines and their families outside Okinawa to Guam and other parts of the world.
While the presence of thousands of US military personnel in Okinawa is a sore point for many islanders, officially pacifist Japan relies on protection provided by them.
"This is the first time the '2+2' meeting will be held in Tokyo, and I think this will send a message to East Asia that the Japan-US alliance is functioning well," Onodera said. 
AFP

------------------
Johannesburg: Wi-Fi hotspots can become a serious security threat for users as it`s very easy to trick the users into joining a spoofed hotspot.


Founder of execMobile Craig Lowe said the controller of the spoofed hotspot can access any user name and passwords entered by Wi-Fi users into their devices while connected to the hotspot.
According to a website, more than half (55 percent) of IT managers are using Wi-Fi connectivity apps for work purposes.
ANI

------------------
New Delhi: In an effort to shore up cooperation between India and Japan in cyber security, experts and researchers from both the countries are holding deliberations here.

At a seminar on `cyber security and global standardisation`, the participants deliberated on tackling cyber crime, privacy and security in online media and ensuring security of network systems, besides other related issues.
The three-day seminar has been organised by Guru Tegh Bahadur Institute of Technology (GTBIT).
"To curb cyber crime, there`s a need to attain complete control of the internet, even wireless connections," said Ramjee Prasad, Founding Chairman of Global ICT Standardization Forum for India (GISFI) on teh second day today.
Ryoji Yamazaki, Director ICT Security office in the Government of Japan, talked about the cyber security mechanism in his country.

The technical sessions in the workshop saw presentations by representatives from Nokia,
Siemens, TCS and L&T. Engineering students from various technical universities also participated in the seminar.	A number of researchers from the US and Denmark also attended the seminar. 
PTI

------------------
New York: Cyber criminals have unleashed a new malware, Beta Bot, which targets financial institutions, online payment platforms and social networking sites to steal sensitive data, the US Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI) has said.

The malware, which also spreads through online video talk site Skype, also blocks the user`s anti-virus programmes making them in-effective in tackling intrusions.
Cyber criminals use Beta Bot to target financial institutions, e-commerce sites, online payment platforms, and social networking sites to steal sensitive data such as log-in credentials and financial information," FBI said in a release.
Beta Bot blocks computer users` access to security websites and disables anti-virus programmes, leaving computers vulnerable to compromise, it added.
Describing the malware`s modus operandi, FBI said: "Beta Bot infection vectors include an illegitimate but official looking Microsoft Windows message box named `User Account Control` that requests a user`s permission to allow the `Windows Command Processor` to modify the user`s computer settings."
In the case of user complying with the request, hackers are able to extract data from the computer, it added.
"Beta Bot is also spread via USB thumb drives or online via Skype, where it redirects the user to compromised websites," FBI said.
Beta Bot is also able to perform modifications to user`s computer, it added.
FBI advised computer users to run a full system scan with up-to-date anti-virus software on the infected computer.
"If Beta Bot blocks access to security sites, download the latest anti-virus updates or a whole new anti-virus programme onto an uninfected computer, save it to a USB drive and load and run it on the infected computer," it added.

It is advisable to subsequently re-format the USB drive to remove any traces of the malware, FBI said.
PTI

------------------
Washington: Researchers from security firm Symantec have reportedly unearthed a hacking group, based in China, which is believed to attack specific ` high-value` targets.

The researchers said that the group, dubbed Hidden Lynx has been around for around four years and is known to be behind attacks on hundreds of organizations worldwide, including government sector and defense industry.
Symantec`s Vice President of Business Strategy and Security Intelligence, Samir Kapuria revealed that the group comprises 100 people divided in two teams dedicated to their respective small and large scale targets, ABC News reports.
Kapuria said that the hackers are a lot more precise and surgical as they use tactics and tools allowing them to go under the radar.
Symantec said that the group has hit targets in 15 countries since November 2011, though more than half the attacks strike at computers in the US.
Kapuria said that the reason why the group is speculated to be working from China is because some of the applications and codes written are Chinese and Symantec was able to geo-locate the `command and control` servers that direct the attacks to computers in China.

However, an expert from the cyber security firm Crowdstrike, Dmitri Alperovitch, agreed to Hidden Lynx being `the most advanced` hacking groups he`s tracked out of China but he does not believe the group is a mercenary group and is instead the sole employ of the Chinese government.
ANI

------------------
Beijing: IT experts have revealed that cyber security cost at global financial institutions have increased manifold with the aim to secure their own and customers` assets with increasing number of hacker attacks and internal threats.

A four-day exhibition, Sibos, organized by Belgium-based global transactions service provider SWIFT for the first time in the Middle East kept the central topic as cyber security at global financial institutions.
Most IT security experts at the Sibos agreed that cyber security shall not be considered as a cost center, but as an investment into a bank`s financial soundness and reputation.
The banks are keeping up with the latest technologies to secure their assets from hackers.
According to a study released on June 25 by Russian anti-virus software producer Kaspersky and research firm B2B International, 649,000 US dollars is the average cost at large companies in the wake of a cyber attack rise.
Earlier this year, a series of cyber attacks had knocked down the websites of major US lenders, including Citigroup, J.P. Morgan Chase and Bank of America.
A survey at the summit also revealed that over 30 percent of bank technology experts fear internal attacks, such as data stealing by employees or business partners.

IT security costs were also raised due to implementation of encryption codes and procedures to control internal threats. 
ANI

------------------
New Delhi: Police officers from various states, bureaucrats and representatives from IT companies Tuesday discussed the role of technology for better security in Indian cities.

The discourse at a conference and exhibition "Secure Cities 2013" here focussed on several challenges faced by cities in terms of cyber crime, threat to infrastructure and common people.
"We need to ponder whether the existing technology is sufficient to address security. We have a troubled neighbourhood and we need to secure vital installations like airports, railway stations and ports," K. Skandan, additional secretary in the ministry of home affairs, said.
Skandan cautioned against the "loose talks" in social media which, he said, could fan communal feelings and pose threat to harmony in the country.
Uttar Pradesh`s Director General of Police O.P. Singh advocated the role of technology in changing the face of policing in the country.
"Technology will enhance the face of policing in the country," he said.
Singh rued the "failure" of technical tools during the communal violence in Muzaffarnagar in the state.

Sandeep Goel, joint commissioner in Delhi Police, echoed Singh`s views.
IANS

------------------
New Delhi: Cyber crime cases in the country registered under the IT Act last year rose by about 61 per cent to 2,876 with Maharashtra recording the most number of cases, Parliament was informed yesterday.

The country had witnessed 1,791 cases registered under the Information Technology (IT) Act in 2011, Minister of State for Communication and IT Milind Deora said in a written reply to Rajya Sabha.
"As per the cyber crime data maintained by National Crime Records Bureau (NCRB), a total of 288, 420, 966, 1,791 and 2,876 cyber crime cases were registered under IT Act during 2008, 2009, 2010, 2011 and 2012, respectively," he added.
Maharashtra registered a total of 471 cases in 2012 followed by Andhra Pradesh (429), Karnataka (412), Kerala (269) and Uttar Pradesh (205) under the IT Act, Deora said.
A total of 176, 276, 356, 422 and 601 cases were registered under cyber crime related sections of the Indian Penal Code (IPC) during 2008, 2009, 2010, 2011 and 2012, respectively, the Minister added.

"To address the growing threat of cyber crimes/incidents in the country, government has issued an advisory to state governments and union territory administrations advising them to build adequate technical capacity in handling cyber crime including technical infrastructure, cyber police stations and trained manpower for detection, registration, investigation and prosecution of cyber crimes," Deora said. 
PTI

------------------
New Delhi: Cyber crime cases in the country registered under the IT Act last year rose by about 61 percent to 2,876 with Maharashtra recording the most number of cases, Parliament was informed Friday.

The country had witnessed 1,791 cases registered under the Information Technology (IT) Act in 2011, Minister of State for Communication and IT Milind Deora said in a written reply to Rajya Sabha.
"As per the cyber crime data maintained by National Crime Records Bureau (NCRB), a total of 288, 420, 966, 1,791 and 2,876 cyber crime cases were registered under IT Act during 2008, 2009, 2010, 2011 and 2012, respectively," he added.
Maharashtra registered a total of 471 cases in 2012 followed by Andhra Pradesh (429), Karnataka (412), Kerala (269) and Uttar Pradesh (205) under the IT Act, Deora said.
A total of 176, 276, 356, 422 and 601 cases were registered under cyber crime related sections of the Indian Penal Code (IPC) during 2008, 2009, 2010, 2011 and 2012, respectively, the Minister added.
"To address the growing threat of cyber crimes/incidents in the country, government has issued an advisory to state governments and union territory administrations advising them to build adequate technical capacity in handling cyber crime including technical infrastructure, cyber police stations and trained manpower for detection, registration, investigation and prosecution of cyber crimes," Deora said. 
PTI

------------------
Beijing: Police have busted more than 210 gangs and detained 8,700 people after they were found to have been involved in online crimes, a statement from China`s ministry of public security said Tuesday.

More than 4,100 internet-related fraud cases have been solved and 150 million yuan ($24.50 million) in economic losses has been recovered since the ministry launched a campaign against online crimes in June, Xinhua reported citing the ministry.
Last month, police from 13 provincial- and municipal-level regions busted 42 gangs and arrested 140 people allegedly involved in an online video fraud in China`s Guangxi Zhuang autonomous region, according to the ministry.
The suspects allegedly stole contact details of users to log into QQ, a popular instant messaging programme, and record fake video chats that they used to defraud their victims` relatives and friends, according to the statement.

Several vehicles, computers and mobile phones used to commit the crimes were seized by police.
IANS 

------------------
New Delhi: Many servers that host government websites are plagued by various problems like obsolete software and poor secure coding, making them vulnerable to cyber attacks, a study has said.

According to official data, a total of 78 government websites were hacked and 16,035 incidents related to spam, malware infection and system break-in were reported this year so far.
It is very important for the nation to start upgrading its IT infrastructure and keep up with the latest security guidelines & practices, the study said.
"One can find servers running older and vulnerable versions of software, poor server management, web applications deployed on these servers being designed and implemented by programmers who lack awareness of secure coding practices," the study by Information Security Consortium (Infosac) said.
However, private sector is much more cautious and alert when it comes to their IT infrastructure compared to the government, it said.
The study also highlighted sophisticated cyber attacks, possibly from neighbouring China, aimed at stealing critical information from government organisation and large corporate houses.
Giving details of a malware Travnet that hit computer networks in India recently, it said that the group behind the attack had done extensive research on topics that are current as well as intriguing to Indian targets.
Some of phishing mails sent to individuals have attachments such as `BJP won?t dump Modi for Nitish NDA headed for split.Doc`.
"The analysis strongly suggests that the group behind Travnet might be from China," the study said.
Rajshekhar Murthy, Director, CERT-ISAC, National Security Database, said, "the report outlines the dangers Indian IT infrastructure is facing and references research which proves that our government and Critical Infrastructure are targets of sophisticated attacks".
CERT-ISAC is a mobile and electronic security body and part of InfoSec consortium that is made up of cyber security communities like nullcon, c0c0n, Malcon and ClubHack.
Infosac is supported by National Security Database (NSD), a government supported empanelment program for information security experts for national critical infrastructure protection.

Infosac is also organising four-day Ground Zero summit here from November 7 for promoting information security and awareness in the region.
PTI

------------------
New Delhi: A total of 78 government websites were hacked and 16,035 incidents related to spam, malware infection and system break-in were reported this year so far, Minister of State for Communications & IT Milind Deora said.

"As per the information reported to and tracked by Indian Computer Response Team (CERT-In), a total number of 308, 371 and 78 government websites were hacked during the years 2011, 2012 and 2013 (up to June) respectively," Deora said in a written reply to the Lok Sabha.
The Minister said 16,035 security incidents related to scanning, spam, malware infection, denial of service and system break-in including that of government, Defence and public sector undertakings were reported up to June this year.
The number of security breach incidents stood at 13,301 in 2011 and 22,060 in 2012, he added.
"It has been observed that attackers are compromising computer systems located in different parts of the world and use masquerading techniques and hidden servers to hide the identity of actual system from which the attacks are being launched. It is difficult to attribute the origin of cyber attacks," he added.
In order to detect and prevent cyber attacks, the government has taken various measures including release of a National Cyber Security Policy 2013, which addresses protection of information and infrastructure in cyber space and building capabilities to prevent cyber threats.
"All new government websites and applications are to be audited with respect to cyber security prior to their hosting," Deora said.
It has also been mandated that all government websites to be hosted on infrastructure of NIC, ERNET or any other secure infrastructure service provider in the country.
The Information Technology Act, 2000 provides legal framework to address the issues connected with cyber attacks, Deora added. 
PTI

------------------
New Delhi: As income tax e-filing picks up pace due to last minute rush, cyber criminals are busy using phishing e-mails and fake ads to steal confidential financial data of users, cyber security firm McAfee said on Sunday.

Cyber criminals try to take advantage of the rush during the last days of e-filing as tax payers try to meet the deadline set by the I-T department.
Central Board of Direct Taxes (CBDT), the administrative authority of the Income Tax department, has recently extended the deadline for filing returns, both manual and electronic, to August 5.
"With e-filing of tax becoming mainstream, there are exponentially more opportunities for private information to be compromised," McAfee said in a release.
Cyber criminals use phishing scams where an e-mail is sent to a number of people, saying income tax refund is available, and once it is clicked, the user is directed to a website similar to the one owned by Income tax department, it said.
Consumers are then asked to disclose personal financial details, which help scammers empty your credit card or bank account, McAfee added.
Besides, such criminals could also leverage fake tax filing ads that claim to help you to file taxes and direct you to fraudulent websites that collect your financial data, it said.
McAfee asked people filing tax returns online not to open any suspicious websites or emails from an untrustworthy source.
It also added that the Income Tax department does not request personal information such as PIN numbers, passwords or similar access information for credit cards, banks or other financial accounts through e-mails.
In a latest data released by the Central Processing Centre (CPC) of the I-T department based in Bangalore, a total of 1,03,21,775 e-returns were filed by taxpayers till July 31 this year against the over 2 crore e-filing numbers filed during the last year. 
PTI

------------------
London: Britain is losing the battle against cyber crime and needs a new crack crime unit to fight the growing problem in cooperation with its global partners, particularly the European Union, a panel of lawmakers said in a report on Tuesday.

The Home Affairs Committee, which scrutinises the government's domestic policy, said the "state-of-the-art espionage response team" would encourage companies, banks and institutions to report hacking attempts to uncover the full extent of online crime and halt its rise.
"We are very concerned that there appears to be a 'black hole' where low-level e-crime is committed with impunity," the report said.
The government has said it will consolidate cyber crime policing into a new unified structure as part of a shakeup of the country's policing structure, but the report said this did not go far enough.
Other government efforts to rein in Internet crime include a partnership with the defence industry and telecoms companies, announced earlier this month, which aims to safeguard the country's defence supply chain against cyber attacks.
Prime Minister David Cameron last week also tightened up online pornography laws and demanded that Internet firms block access to child abuse images.
The committee said these efforts did not go far enough, however, and said the government was still too complacent when it came to cyber crime, ranging from identity fraud and data theft to the spreading of illegal images and extremist material.
Last week, five men were charged in the United States in connection with the largest cyber crime case in US history. Major multi-national corporations such as Visa and French retailer Carrefour were among the victims.
"We are not winning the war on online criminal activity," said opposition MP Keith Vaz, chairman of the bipartisan committee, which heard evidence from police, industry bodies and security experts over the course of a 10-month investigation.
"You can steal more on the Internet than you can by robbing a bank and online criminals in 25 countries have chosen the UK as their number one target."
The committee expressed concern that Britain was isolating itself by deciding to opt out of many EU-wide justice measures, but also criticised individual EU members for not doing enough to stop attacks.
"We are deeply concerned that EU partner countries are not doing enough to prevent cyber attacks from criminals within their countries on the UK," the report said.
Reuters

------------------
London: Britain is losing the battle against cyber crime and needs a new crack crime unit to fight the growing problem in cooperation with its global partners, particularly the European Union, a panel of lawmakers said in a report on Tuesday.

The Home Affairs Committee, which scrutinizes the government`s domestic policy, said the "state-of-the-art espionage response team" would encourage companies, banks and institutions to report hacking attempts to uncover the full extent of online crime and halt its rise.
"We are very concerned that there appears to be a black hole` where low-level e-crime is committed with impunity," the report said.
The government has said it will consolidate cyber crime policing into a new unified structure as part of a shakeup of the country`s policing structure, but the report said this did not go far enough.
Other government efforts to rein in Internet crime include a partnership with the defense industry and telecoms companies, announced earlier this month, which aims to safeguard the country`s defense supply chain against cyber attacks.
Prime Minister David Cameron last week also tightened up online pornography laws and demanded that Internet firms block access to child abuse images.
The committee said these efforts did not go far enough, however, and said the government was still too complacent when it came to cyber crime, ranging from identity fraud and data theft to the spreading of illegal images and extremist material.
Last week, five men were charged in the United States in connection with the largest cyber crime case in U.S. history. Major multi-national corporations such as Visa and French retailer Carrefour were among the victims.
"We are not winning the war on online criminal activity," said opposition MP Keith Vaz, chairman of the bipartisan committee, which heard evidence from police, industry bodies and security experts over the course of a 10-month investigation.
"You can steal more on the Internet than you can by robbing a bank and online criminals in 25 countries have chosen the UK as their number one target."
The committee expressed concern that Britain was isolating itself by deciding to opt out of many EU-wide justice measures, but also criticized individual EU members for not doing enough to stop attacks.

"We are deeply concerned that EU partner countries are not doing enough to prevent cyber attacks from criminals within their countries on the UK," the report said.
Reuters

------------------
Sydney: The Australian Taxation Office (ATO) has reportedly warned the social media users about their vulnerability to possible identity fraud following a multi-prolonged identity fraud attack earlier this year.

According to a news website, the ATO has established a new team of identity crime busters in the organisation and has cautioned netizens using social media that criminals had perpetrated the scam using data stolen from a taxpayer`s online activities.
One of the ATO`s second commissioners, Geoff Leeper said that the attack earlier this year had been detected and stopped, and the loss of money was minimal and added that although the organisation didn`t get 100 per cent but got the majority of it once they identified the form of attack.
Leeper warned that such attacks are caused as a result of theft of an identity and said that people need to be incredibly cautious with their online identities as it is possible for someone who is not that careful to make it easier for someone to steal their identity.
The report said that ATO`s client identity unity established in Canberra will operate throughout the country and Leeper further noted that the team needs to be as vigilant as the criminal s because the attackers would ping different parts of the government system until they find a weak door.
A counsel with the Tax Institute of Australia, Deepti Paton said that the establishment of the new unit was a `welcome move` as there was an increase year on year in identity fraud and it is a very sensible initiative.

She further added that because of the high level of cash transactions that goes on around lodgement of tax returns, it was quite important to stay ahead of these things rather than wait and see, the report added. 
ANI

------------------
Washington: China and Indonesia headed the list of 177 countries named as sources of Internet attacks, a security survey said today.

The survey from US security firm Akamai found China remained at the top of the list in the first quarter of 2013, but its share of all attacks dropped to 34 percent from 41 percent in the fourth quarter of 2012.
 "This decline is likely related to Indonesia making a sudden appearance in the second place slot," said Akamai`s Bill Brenner, noting that Indonesia`s share of cyber attacks surged to 21 percent from just 0.7 percent in the prior quarter.
The United States was the third largest source, but its share dropped to 8.3 per cent from 10 percent earlier.
 The next largest sources of cyber attacks were Turkey (4.5 percent), Russia (2.7 percent), India (2.6 percent), Taiwan (2.5 percent), Brazil (2.2 percent), Romania (2.0 percent) and Hong Kong (1.6 percent).
 "We find that nearly 68 per cent originated in the Asia Pacific/Oceania region, up from 56 per cent in the fourth quarter of 2012, likely due to the massive increase seen in Indonesia," Brenner said.
"Europe accounted for just under 19 per cent, while North and South America originated just over 13 per cent combined."
Akamai also noted a four per cent increase in the global average connection speed -- to 3.1 megabits per second.
South Korea had the highest average connection speed at 14.2 Mbps and remained the country with the highest level of "high broadband" adoption, growing to 50 per cent, the report said.
The report estimated more than 733 million unique Internet addresses from 243 countries or regions connected to the Akamai platform, an increase of 3.1 percent over the previous quarter and 10 percent year over year.

Since a single IP address can represent multiple individuals in some cases, Akamai estimated the total number of unique Web users connecting to its platform during the quarter to be well over one billion. 
AFP

------------------
Panaji: Goa government will investigate terror angle, if any, into the hacking of twelve websites of various state departments last weekend.
Goa Information Technology Corporation Chairman Subhash Faldesai said the state Home Ministry would be informed about the hacking, particularly because the hackers have left a message of "Pakistan Zindabad" on the main pages of the portals.

"It has to be identified whether the pro-Pakistan message on the front page was a threat by terrorists or just a mischief," he said.
IT Corporation, which is handling the data of all government websites through a private vendor, has decided to strengthen its anti-hacking protection.

"Hackers have left the data untouched. We will restore the websites by tomorrow," Faldesai added. 
PTI

------------------
Panaji: A hacker, allegedly from a Pakistan-based cyber group, has hacked several Goa government websites over the last few days, a government spokesperson said Monday.

The spokesperson said that H4x0r HuSsy, an id used to access the site, belongs to a group of hackers from Pakistan, who have targeted state government websites for the second time in the last few years.
"Websites belonging to 13 government departments are down. They had been hacked into and defaced, but we have pulled them completely down now," the spokesperson said, adding that a complaint would be lodged with Goa Police`s cyber cell soon.
Key among the departments whose websites have been hacked are Fire Services, Captain of Ports, Goa Tourism and NRI Commission of Goa.

Two years back, the same group of hackers had hacked into the website of the state Information and Publicity Department, and written slogans praising Pakistan and denouncing India on its home page.
IANS

------------------
Washington: Nearly 80 percent IT professionals and executives globally believe cyber attacks pose a greater risk to their nation than physical attacks.

The survey showed that 51 percent believe a cyber attacker is currently in their corporate network or has been in the past year.
According to Enterprise Innovation, the survey covers interviews with 989 respondents from North America, Europe, and Asia Pacific.
It found that 61 percent of respondents believe that government and legislative action can help protect critical infrastructure against advanced threats.
The survey found that one-fourth of respondents felt they were better equipped to protect their confidential information than their cloud provider, and yet they still entrust the third party with their data.
According to the report, 64 percent of respondents said they are now managing privileged accounts as they have emerged as the primary target for advanced enterprise attacks.
However, 39 percent admitted that they either don`t know how to identify where privileged accounts exist or are doing so manually.
John Worrall, CMO of Cyber-Ark, said that people across globe are acutely aware of the global threat cyber-attacks represent.
He said that cyber-attackers have repeatedly demonstrated the ability to disrupt national financial systems, cause harm to critical infrastructure and severely damage businesses and economies.
Worrall added that to achieve their goals, outside attackers must steal the privileged credentials of an authorised user to gain the access necessary to meet their objectives.

He said this level of threat requires a proactive approach to security that protects and monitors the access points to the critical data and assets that attackers are targeting, the report added. 
ANI

------------------
Beijing: The United States is the world`s "biggest villain" for IT espionage, China`s official media said Sunday after new allegations of anti-Beijing snooping emerged.

"These, along with previous allegations, are clearly troubling signs," the Xinhua news agency said in a commentary following the new claims by former US spy Edward Snowden made to Hong Kong`s Sunday Morning Post.
"They demonstrate that the United States, which has long been trying to play innocent as a victim of cyber attacks, has turned out to be the biggest villain in our age," it said.
Xinhua noted that the United States was now trying formally to extradite Snowden from Hong Kong, where he has gone to ground.
"But for other countries, Washington should come clean about its record first. It owes too an explanation to China and other countries it has allegedly spied on. It has to share with the world the range, extent and intent of its clandestine hacking programmes," it said.
In the latest revelations published by the Sunday Morning Post, the former National Security Agency contractor said the US agency was hacking Chinese mobile phone companies to gather data from millions of text messages.
Snowden said US spies have also hacked the prestigious Tsinghua University in Beijing -- home to one of six "network backbones" that route all of mainland China`s Internet traffic -- and the Hong Kong headquarters of Pacnet, which operates one of the Asia-Pacific region`s largest fibre-optic networks.
The United States and China are both victims of hacking and have to work together on the issue, Xinhua said.
But it stressed: "The ball is now in Washington`s court. The US government had better move to allay the concerns of other countries."
AFP

------------------
Phagwara: A woman`s ex-husband was arrested on charges of creating her fake ID on Facebook, using offensive language on the social networking site for defaming her and for impersonation, criminal intimidation and defamation.
Police today said that the accused Hemant Chowdhary was arrested on Monday under Sections 66-A (sending offensive or false messages through communication service), 66-D (cheating by impersonation by using computer resource) of IT Act and Sections 500 (punishment for defamation) and 506 (criminal intimidation) of IPC.


Chowdhary was arrested after his ex-wife complained to the police and a case was registered by the Cyber Crime Cell. Local DSP Ashwani Kumar also helped with the investigations.
Since the offence was bailable, Chowdhary was later released on bail, police said. 
PTI 

------------------
Mumbai: Microsoft, FBI and other authorities joined hands to take down a cybercrime network that is believed to have caused losses worth over USD 500 million, the US-based software giant said Thursday.

"The Microsoft Digital Crimes Unit worked with leaders of the financial services industry, other technology industry partners and the Federal Bureau of Investigation to disrupt a massive cyber threat responsible for stealing people's online banking information and personal identities," Microsoft said in a statement.
Microsoft executed a simultaneous operation to disrupt more than 1,400 "Citadel" botnets which are responsible for over half a billion dollars in losses to people and businesses worldwide, it added.
The Citadel malware has affected upwards of five million people, with some of the highest number of infections appearing in the US, Europe, Hong Kong, Singapore, India and Australia.
It is believed that Citadel may have already infected victims in more than 90 countries since its inception.
After infecting the computer, Citadel malware starts monitoring and recording the victims' keystrokes.The tactic, known as keylogging, provides cybercriminals information to gain direct access to a victim's bank account or any other online account to withdraw money or steal personal identities.
The harm done by Citadel shows the threat that botnets, malicious software and piracy pose to individuals and businesses around the world, Microsoft General Counsel and Executive Vice President (Legal and Corporate Affairs) Brad Smith said.
"...(the) coordinated action between the private sector and law enforcement demonstrates the power of combined legal and technical expertise and we're going to continue to work together to help put these cybercriminals out of business," he added.
Codenamed b54, this is Microsoft's seventh botnet operation to date and part of a growing proactive effort by both the public and private sector to fight cyber crime. 
PTI

------------------
London: In another case of cyber attacks, four British computer hackers or `hactivists` who call their organization LulzSec, launched cyber attacks on CIA and other global organizations as a result of which websites around the world crashed. 

Ryan Ackroyd (26), Jake Davis (20), Mustafa Al-Bassam (18) and Ryan Cleary (21) who named their organization Lulzsec from `lol` the Internet slang for `laughs` and `sec` for security, allegedly stole huge amounts of sensitive data from News International, Sony, Nintendo and the FBI and other top networks and posted their information on its Lulzsec website and file sharing sites.
The stolen data included personal information like passwords and credit card details procured by penetrating the firewalls of some of the world`s leading organizations.
In a report by a news website, the hackers pleaded guilty to all the cyber crime related charges and claimed to have not been motivated by politics like another hacking group Anonymous but rather sought attention and national and international notoriety for their exceptional computer skills. 
LulzSec`s motto which says `we are legion. We do not forgive. We do not forget. Expect us`, has a massive international following with over 3,55,000 Twitter followers.
The online security breach cost Sony a loss of 26.4 million customers` data while FBI and CIA websites crashed with an attack titled `Wipeout Wednesday`.
The reports added that Ackroyd pleaded guilty to a charge of faking a story about Rupert Murdoch committing suicide, Davis and Bassam pleaded guilty for charges of cyber attacks previously carried out on organizations including Serious Organized Crime Agency.
Cleary, who suffers from Asperger`s Syndrome, pleaded to charges of hacking the U.S air force computers and also to the charges of possessing indecent images related to child abuse.

These ` hactivists ` committed all these cyber crimes right from their bedroom computers for their own amusement and show off the computer skills conferred on them. 
ANI

------------------
New York: A bloodless bank heist that netted more than USD 45 million has left even cybercrime experts impressed by the technical sophistication, if not the virtue, of the con artists who pulled off a remarkable internationally organised attack.

 "It was pretty ingenious," Pace University computer science professor Darren Hayes said yesterday.
 On the creative side of the heist, a small team of highly skilled hackers penetrated bank systems, erased withdrawal limits on prepaid debit cards and stole account numbers. On the crude end, criminals used handheld devices to change the information on the magnetic strips of old hotel key cards, used credit cards and depleted debit cards.
 Seven people were arrested in the US, accused of operating the New York cell of what prosecutors said was a network that carried out thefts at ATMs in 27 countries from Canada to Russia. Law enforcement agencies from more than a dozen nations were involved in the investigation, which was being led by the Secret Service.
 Here`s how it worked:
 First, the hackers, quite possibly insiders, broke into computer records at a few credit card processing companies, first in India and then the US. This has happened before but here`s what was new: They didn`t just take information. They actually raised the limit on prepaid debit cards kept in reserves at two large banks.
 "It`s pretty scary if you think about it. They changed the account balances. That`s like the holy grail for a thief," said Chris Wysopal, co-founder of security company Veracode.

 The next step was technically simpler, almost an arts-and-crafts activity. 
PTI

------------------
 New Delhi: Maharashtra witnessed the maximum number of fraud cases relating to credit/debit cards and internet banking in 2012, followed by Tamil Nadu, Haryana, Karnataka and Delhi, Parliament was informed today.
The number of such cases in Maharashtra stood at 162, followed by Tamil Nadu (136), Haryana (127), Karnataka (83) and the national capital (75) in 2012, Minister of State for Communications and IT Milind Deora said in a written reply to Rajya Sabha.

These cases are where the amount involved is at least Rs one lakh and have been reported by banks.
The total amount involved in frauds relating to credit card, debit card and internet banking rose by 74 per cent to Rs 38.35 crore in 2012 compared to Rs 22.03 crore in 2011, the minister added.
The total number of credit card, debit card and internet banking fraud cases across the country rose to 682 in 2012 from 638 in 2011, he added.
"Internet frauds reported in the country are relating to phishing, usage of stolen credit cards/debit cards, unauthorised fraudulent Real Time Gross Settlement (RTGS) transactions, fictitious offers of fund transfer, remittance towards participation in lottery, money circulation schemes and other fictitious offers of cheap funds," the minister said.
Quoting from the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) data, Deora added the number of fraud cases as reported by banks due to credit/debit cards, internet has decreased from 15,018 in 2010 to 8,322 in 2012.
"However, the amount involved has increased from Rs 40.49 crore in the year 2010 to Rs 52.67 crore in the year 2012," he said.
The cases registered by Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) pertaining to financial frauds under the provisions of Information Technology Act, 200 along with other acts declined to 8 in 2012 from 10 in 2011, he added.
The amount involved in such, however, more than doubled to Rs 28.80 crore in 2012 from Rs 12.43 crore in 2011.
Deora said that cyber crime cases have shown an increasing trend in the past few years.
"As per the cyber crime data maintained by National Crime Records Bureau, a total of 420, 966 and 1,791 cyber crime cases were registered under Information technology Act during 2009, 2010 and 2011, respectively, thereby showing an increasing trend," Deora said.

The Minister further added that a total of 276, 356 and 422 cases were registered under cyber crime related sections of IPC during 2009, 2010 and 2011, respectively.
PTI

------------------
London: British Foreign Secretary William Hague has described India as an important partner in the fight against cyber terrorism as he announced the launch of a global centre for cyber security to deal with online threats.
"There is lots of important work to be done with India on the issue of cyber terrorism," he said yesterday while announcing the launch of a new Global Centre for Cyber Security and Capacity Building based at the University of Oxford.

"We are dedicating 500,000 pounds per year to this centre to be a beacon of expertise and put the UK at the forefront of cyber policy development," Hague told reporters at a briefing in relation to the two-day G8 foreign ministers meeting being hosted by him in London from today.
The centre`s research will help define global priorities for capacity building and it will work with a wide range of partners, including other governments, international organisations and the private sector, to ensure increased and more effective efforts against the wide range of cyber issues and threats.
"Capacity includes having comprehensive national programmes and policies, cooperation, skills and workforce, technology and expertise to tackle online threats and reduce harm, while ensuring cyberspace supports innovation, economic growth and social benefits.
"The range and depth of capacity required here and in other countries is considerable," Francis Maude, minister for cyber security in the UK Cabinet Office, added.
The UK has committed a 2 million pounds annual fund from the National Cyber Security Programme to promote global efforts in the field and the establishment of the new centre is a key element of the country`s contribution to international efforts.

The issue of cyber security will feature heavily during the discussions of the G8 foreign ministers, which include ministers from the US, Canada, France, Germany, Italy, Japan and Russia.
PTI

------------------
New Delhi: Top experts from India and Britain discussed cyber security and online security, a pressing international issue demanding global cooperation, an official release said Tuesday.
The discussions were part of a four-day workshop, which began on March 24 and has been jointly organised by Research Councils UK (RCUK) and India`s department of science and technology, the Indraprastha Institute of Information Technology-Delhi (IIIT-D), and Britain`s Science and Innovation Network (SIN), the release said.

Cyber crime, privacy and security in online social media, human factors and usable security, risk identification and monitoring of systems and networks were among the topics discussed at the workshop.
The world`s increased reliance on electronic systems means that cyber attacks are likely to have significant damaging consequences, said the release.
"We need a clearer understanding of our current and future vulnerabilities and the inadequacies of current approaches, along with innovative solutions to tackle the important challenges," said RCUK deputy director Helen Bailey.
Ponnurangam Kumaraguru, a teacher at IIIT Delhi, added: "We are also exploring the strengths and complementarities of our respective research capabilities; and identifying key areas of research which may offer a great potential for international research collaboration for mutual benefit."

This workshop is part of the growing research relationship between Britain and India.
IANS

------------------
Dubai: Computer users will spend 1.5 billion hours and USD 22 billion identifying, repairing and recovering from the impact of malware, while global enterprises will spend USD 114 billion to deal with the impact of a malware- induced cyber attacks, says a Microsoft study.

According to the study commissioned by Microsoft Corp and conducted by IDC, although some computer users may actively seek pirated software in hopes of saving money, the chances of infection by unexpected malware are one in three for consumers and three in 10 for businesses.
 "The cybercrime reality is that counterfeiters are tampering with the software code and lacing it with malware. Some of this malware records a person`s every keystroke -- allowing cybercriminals to steal a victim`s personal and financial information -- or remotely switches on an infected computer`s microphone and video camera, giving cybercriminals eyes and ears in boardrooms and living rooms.
 "The best way to secure yourself and your property from these malware threats when you buy a computer is to demand genuine software," said David Finn, associate general counsel in the Microsoft Cybercrime Center.
 The study The Dangerous World of Counterfeit and Pirated Software ? was released as part of Microsoft`s `Play It Safe` campaign, a global initiative to bring awareness to issues related to software piracy.
 "Some people choose counterfeit to save money, but this `ride-along` malware ends up putting a financial and emotional strain on both the enterprise and casual computer users alike," John Gantz, chief researcher at IDC, said.
 The global study analysed 270 websites and peer-to-peer (P2P) networks, 108 software downloads, and 155 CDs or DVDs, and it interviewed 2,077 consumers and 258 IT managers or chief information officers in Brazil, China, Germany, India, Mexico, Poland, Russia, Thailand, the UK and the US.

 According to the study, 64 percent of the people respondents knew who had used counterfeit software experienced security issues and 45 per cent of the time, counterfeit software slowed their PCs, and the software had to be uninstalled. As many as 48 percent of respondents noted that their greatest concern with using counterfeit software was data loss while 29 percent were most concerned with identity theft, the study said. 
PTI

------------------
Bhopal: Ninety cases of cyber crime have been registered in Madhya Pradesh in less than three months this year, police said on Sunday.

"The rise is steep as compared to the last two years. Last year, a total number of 131 cyber crime cases were registered in the state, up from 60 cases in 2011," IG Cyber Cell, Anil Gupta, told a news agency.
"The complaints mostly about fake accounts created or obscene pictures uploaded on the social networking sites and online fake lottery cases, which are generally reported from major cities of the state," Gupta added.
He also attributed the procedural changes in the filing of cases as the reason for the rise in the number of cyber crime cases. "Earlier, complaints about cyber crime were received by the CID, which used to first verify and then register a case," Gupta said.
However, July 2012 onwards, these cases are being registered with the cyber police station in the state capital.

In 2012, this dedicated police station had received 1,302 complaints from across the state, while 1,326 in 2011, they said. 
PTI 

------------------
Washington: Now a new manual describing the rules of cyber war has been published that attempts to codify how international law applies to state-sponsored online attacks.

The handbook, due to be published later this week, applies the practice of international law to the world of electronic warfare in an effort to show how hospitals, civilians and neutral nations can be protected in an information-age fight.
The Tallinn Manual, named for the Estonian capital where it was compiled, was created at the behest of the NATO Cooperative Cyber Defense Center of Excellence, a NATO think tank, Fox News reports.
It takes existing rules on battlefield behavior, such as the 1868 St. Petersburg Declaration and the 1949 Geneva Convention, to the Internet, occasionally in unexpected ways, the report said.
The manual's central premise is that war doesn't stop being war just because it happens online, the report added.
Hacking a dam's controls to release its reservoir into a river valley can have the same effect as breaching it with explosives, its authors argue.
According to the report, the manual warned that cyber war can lead to cyber war crimes.
Launching an attack from a neutral nation's computer network is forbidden in much the same way that hostile armies aren't allowed to march through a neutral country's territory, it said. 
ANI

------------------
London: Nineteen-year-old are the biggest victims of online bullying, the majority of which takes place on popular social networking site Facebook, a new UK study has claimed.

After Facebook, Twitter was the next most frequent face for bullying - or trolling - to take place, according to the study of more than 2,000 teenagers by Opinium Research.
The study revealed that 85 percent of 19-year-old men had experienced some form of online bullying.
Of those who admitted they had been bullied, 87 per cent said it had happened on Facebook, 19 percent on Twitter and 13 percent on BlackBerry Messenger.
Of all the teenagers who said they had been bullied, only 37 percent had reported it to the social network where it took place.
Only 17 percent said that their first reaction would be to tell their parents, and just 1 per cent said it would be to tell their teacher.
The study was carried out for knowthenet.Org.Uk, a free online site offering advice on how to stay safe online.
Media psychologist Arthur Cassidy said online bullying could have a "massive impact" on older male teenagers.
"Suicide rates are particularly high amongst this demographic, so it`s worrying to hear that teenagers on the whole are choosing to deal with internet abuse themselves rather than speaking to parents or teachers for help," he said.
"Whilst some might expect girls to be more vulnerable online, this study shows that older boys are more at risk from trolling and cyber-bullying," he said.
"Many boys feel under pressure to demonstrate their bravado, particularly on the web, but this attitude and male deficiency in coping strategies can make them more vulnerable and open to trolling," he said.
"There is no place for harassment on Facebook, but unfortunately a small minority of malicious individuals exist online, just as they do offline," a Facebook spokesman was quoted as saying by the paper.

"We have a real name policy and provide people with simple tools to block people or report content which they find threatening so that we can remove it quickly," the spokesman said. 
PTI

------------------
Washington: President Barack Obama will be meeting corporate leaders to discuss efforts to improve cyber security in private industries amid rising concern about hacking attacks from China.

The White House said that in the meeting, to take place in the Situation Room, Obama would discuss efforts to address the cyber threat.
Obama will also solicit the CEOs input on how the government and private sector can best work together to improve the countrys cyber security, Fox News reports.
Cyber security has become a growing challenge to the economic relationship between China and the United States. 
In a speech in New York on Monday, White House national security adviser Tom Donilon said Beijing needs to recognize the scope of the problem.
According to the report, U.S. businesses have been increasingly concerned about the targeted theft of confidential business information and proprietary technologies through cyber intrusions emanating from China, Donilon said in a speech to The Asia Society.
Obama had signed an executive order a month ago seeking better protection of the countrys critical infrastructure from cyber attacks. 
The order, which does not have the same force as law, directs federal authorities to improve information sharing on cyber threats, the report said.
Obamas executive order is designed to make it easier for the government to warn private companies of cyber threats and to set up a system of voluntary cyber security standards, the report added. 
ANI

------------------
Kolkata: Cybercrime in India has been rising at an alarming rate and Symantec Corporation, producer of Norton anti-virus software, would like to be an associate of the government to tackle such crime, a company official said Tuesday.

"We want to be associated with the government's cyber cell to help curb the rising rate of cybercrime," Country Sales Manager (in India and SAARC), Norton, Ritesh Chopra said Tuesday.
Chopra, quoting a Norton cybercrime report, said that 1,15,068 were victimised by cybercrime every day and 80 per minute in India last year.
Stating that criminals were finding opportunity to misuse cellphones lost by individuals, he said "53 percent of adult population had lost their mobile sets or had it stolen in India last year."
Chopra said that 48 percent of the adult population in India did not use security solution for their mobile phones and 24 percent were unaware that it existed for mobile devices.
"As consumers go mobile, so do cybercriminals," he said.
He said that Norton would also like to get into schools from the next academic session to help create awareness among the students in metro cities about cyber rules and regulations. 
PTI

------------------
 New Delhi: The Supreme Court on Friday sought response from the Centre on a PIL seeking its direction to the government to frame regulations and guidelines for effective investigation of cyber crimes.

 A bench headed by Chief Justice Altamas Kabir issued notice to the Centre and sought its response on the PIL which alleged that common people are being harassed by police due to lack of procedural safeguards in the prevalent system of cyber laws.
 The court passed the order on a PIL filed by a Pune-based businessman Dilipkumar Tulsidas Shah who claimed that he was harassed by the police in a cyber crime case in which he was not involved.
 "Issue a writ of mandamus, order or direction to the Centre to frame an appropriate regulatory framework of rules, regulations and guidelines for effective investigation of cyber crimes, keeping in mind the fundamental rights of citizens," he submitted in his petition.
 "There is a near total lack of procedural safeguards in the prevalent system of cyber crime investigation. Police harassment of citizens, whether out of intention or ignorance, is rampant," he said.

 The bench after hearing his arguments issued notice and tag his plea along with other similar PIL pending before it. 
PTI

------------------
Sydney: Cyber criminals stole confidential information and financially defrauded one in five major Australian businesses in 2012, a new has revealed.

The 2012 Cyber Crime and Security Survey Report showed that over 20 percent of 255 organisations in Australia's energy, defence, communications, banking and water sectors reported a cyber incident last year, despite the majority using security software and firewalls.
The most serious attacks involved the use of 'ransomware' and 'scareware, which is malicious software that either locks a computer system until a ransom is paid, or launches a hoax virus and demands payment to ''remove'' it.
According to the Daily Telegraph, one scareware attack mentioned in the report displayed fake warning screens claiming to be from the non-existent ''Anti Cyber Crime Department of the Federal Internet Security Agency''.
It said the organisation's computers had been ''associated with criminal activity'' to discourage them from reporting the scam to police.
According to the report, over half the organisations who reported an attack said they had been deliberately targeted.
Seventeen per cent said criminals had stolen ''confidential or proprietary information'' and 10 percent reported financial fraud, the report said.
In one case, an organisation reported the theft of 15 years'' worth of critical business data.
According to the paper, the attacks come despite more than 90 per cent of all respondents saying they employed digital security measures such as anti-virus software, anti-spam filters and firewalls. 
ANI

------------------
Washington: US President Barack Obama today signed an executive order and announced a slew of measures to protect America`s critical infrastructure from cyber threats from foreign countries, hackers and other enemies.

In his State of the Union address to the US Congress, Obama said that threat from the cyber-attack has been growing rapidly.
"Our enemies are also seeking the ability to sabotage our power grid, our financial institutions, and our air traffic control systems. We cannot look back years from now and wonder why we did nothing in the face of real threats to our security and our economy," he said.
Obama announced that he signed a new executive order that will strengthen the country`s cyber defenses by increasing information sharing, and developing standards to protect its national security, jobs, and privacy.
"Now, Congress must act as well, by passing legislation to give our government a greater capacity to secure our networks and deter attacks," he said.
At the start of his administration, Obama had declared that the "cyber threat is one of the most serious economic and national security challenges we face as a nation."
The executive order is aimed at strengthening cyber- security of critical infrastructure by increasing information sharing and by jointly developing and implementing a framework of cybersecurity practices with industry partners.
The Executive Order requires Federal agencies to produce unclassified reports of threats to US companies and requires the reports to be shared in a timely manner.
It enables near real time sharing of cyber threat information to assist participating critical infrastructure companies in their cyber protection efforts.
National Institute of Standards and Technology (NIST) will lead development of a framework of cybersecurity practices to reduce cyber risks to critical infrastructure.
Among other things the executive order establishes a voluntary programme to promote the adoption of the Cyber- security Framework. It also calls for a review of existing cybersecurity regulation.
However, three top Republican Senators - John McCain, Saxby Chambliss and John Thune were highly critical of the Executive Order, arguing that it cannot achieve the balanced approach that must be accomplished collaboratively through legislation and with the support of the American people.
"We will closely examine the Executive Order and ensure that there is thorough Congressional oversight of any action it directs. As the 113th Congress gets underway, the Senate should follow regular order and craft legislation that will have an immediate impact on our nation`s cybersecurity without adding or prompting regulations that could discourage innovation and negatively impact our struggling economy," the Senators said in a joint statement.

To complement the Cyber Security Executive Order, the Obama Administration also issued a Presidential Policy Directive on critical infrastructure security. 
PTI

------------------
Sydney: Australian cyber crime authorities have issued a warning to internet users that cyber criminals are increasingly targeting social networking sites like Facebook as a way to steal their money.

Commander Glen McEwen, manager of the Australian Federal Police`s cyber crime operations, and Federal Agent Scott Mellis have said that the growing commercialization of social media through links to online trading provided cyber criminals with a strong motivation to hack people`s account details, the Sydney Morning Herald reports.
Mellis said that the growing link between social networking and online trading known as `buy, swap and sell sites` is particularly dangerous because of the large amount of cash involved, which attract hackers.
He added that users are tricked into handing over payment details by the hackers, who then unleash malware attacks upon them to steal their cash.
According to Mellis, another such threat is mobile device malware, especially in smartphones, which are much less protected by anti-virus softwares as compared to computers.
Mellis said that people should explore for more options to secure their phones from such attacks as they access sensitive information while banking, which makes these phones an easy target for cyber criminals.
McEwen and Mellis also outlined other such threats for web users, which included a `form-grabbing malware` that can steal large amounts of personal data.
McEwen said that cybercrime was preventable, if people considered it as serious as crime in the real world, although he added that it may take a long time for people to become technically savvy enough and aware to implement such safety measures.

He also said it is a challenge for law enforcement officials to uncover the crimes going on in the cyber world. 
ANI

------------------
Abu Dhabi: Cyber attacks in the UAE mostly target the banking sector, including the ATM and internet banking applications, says the official English magazine of the interior ministry.
The 999 magazine said the banking sector was the most-eyed target (35 percent) while the remaining 65 percent attacks were against the government`s e-services, telecommunication systems, and educational institutions` systems.

To address this problem, many police offices in the UAE have set up cyber crime units.
They also have computer forensic teams that specialise in obtaining, recovering and analysing electronic evidence stored on computers or other electronic devices.
The 999 report said the nature of cyber crime has changed -- from lone individuals trying to rattle the system, cyber criminals are now extremely well-organised, well-connected and well-funded groups.
Online crime is no longer about stealing people`s money and identity, though these remain the most common and lucrative scams.

Cyber crime syndicates are now capable of launching debilitating attacks on entire defence systems and national infrastructure.
IANS

------------------
Chennai: Observing that laws both at national and international level were still struggling to catch up with cyber activities worldwide, a CBI judge on Friday said India is yet to sign a treaty with other countries to extradite accused involved in cyber crimes.

   "Till date, we do not have a single treaty with any other country to extradite a cyber criminal to be brought to India", CBI Special Judge, New Delhi, Talwant Singh said at a seminar.
    Elaborating, he said Indian Penal Code is applicable for a crime committed in India. "Our Cyber law simply says that if there is an incident in India and whether it was committed from any other country, he (the accused) is still a criminal in the eyes of the (Indian) law", he said.
Observing that India has physical boundaries in terms of its geography location with other countries,he said there was no such `boundary` in cyber world."Our cyber boundary is not (yet) defined. We have to protect our cyber boundaries also."
   He said at the time of 26/11 terror attacks in Mumbai, there was no proper definition of cyber terrorism in India.
   Terming "cyber terrorism" a "heinous crime", he said, notification (from government) was still awaited for setting up an infrastructure to protect vital information on national security.
Referring to the Delhi Metro Rail project, he said it was run by computers and if it comes under cyber attack then who is authorised to "turn it off". "It remains unclear if response to cyber attack includes authority to shut down a computer network, even if it`s been taken over by a malicious cyber attacker with an intention to destroy it", he said.
    Laws both at national and international level were still struggling to catch up with cyber activities worldwide. "In most cases, laws have not kept pace with the technical ability of an adversary to move rapidly through national, academic, commercial and private internet service providers."

    In conventional military terms questions such as how strongly a country can respond to a cyber attack when one does not know who did it from where they did it and their intention, are easier to answer "but not so in the cyber world". 
PTI

------------------
Washington: The White House has confirmed its computer system was targeted in a cyber attack, but the effort was thwarted and no classified networks were compromised.
Spokesman Jay Carney told reporters Monday that it was a "spearphishing attack against an unclassified network".

He said these types of attacks are not infrequent and the White House has mitigation measures in place, reported Xinhua.
Carney made the remarks to reporters in Henderson, Nevada, where President Barack Obama is preparing for the first presidential debate with Republican challenger Mitt Romney on Wednesday.
"In this instance the attack was identified, the system was isolated and there is no indication whatsoever that any exfiltration of data took place. Moreover there was never any impact or attempted breach of any classified system," said Carney.

Reports of the White House network was attacked last month surfaced earlier in the day. It wasn`t clear who was behind the attack.
IANS

------------------
Canberra: About 5.4 million Australians were targeted by cyber crimes, which cost the country 1.65 billion Australian dollars ($1.68 billion) in the past 12 months, according to Norton`s Cybercrime report 2012 released Thursday.
Hackers and cyber criminals were diverting their attention to new platforms such as smart phones and social networking, the report by the anti-virus company revealed.

Globally, there were more than 556 million victims and the cost were $110 billion, reported Xinhua.
Even though 37 percent of Australians fell victims to cyber crime over the last year, and one in 10 people in the country admitted to falling victim to a scam or fake link on social networking, less than half of them used any sort of security protections to help avoid social networking threats.

Only 55 percent used the privacy settings provided on sites like Facebook to help them control what information they share and with whom.
IANS

------------------
New Delhi: Over 270 government websites have been hacked by cyber criminals between January and July this year.
As per information tracked and made available to Indian Computer Emergency Response Team (CERT-In), 201, 303, 308 and 273 government websites were hacked during the year 2009, 2010, 2011 and 2012 (till July) respectively, an official statement today said.

Based on the threat assessment, CERT-In regularly issues alerts for internet users and operators on vulnerabilities.
Five alerts were issued during May and June, 2012 to prominent organisations in the government and private sector about targetting websites for carrying out cyber attacks by the hacker groups, the statement said.
CERT-In also issued advisory providing counter measures to safeguard the websites and network infrastructure against such attacks, it added.
All the organisations were advised to report such incidents to CERT-In along with network logs and relevant data for analysis.
National Informatics Centre (NIC), which hosts a majority of government websites, has deployed state-of-the-art technology solutions including firewalls and intrusion prevention systems.
NIC performs periodic security audits of their network infrastructure followed by subsequent hardenings, besides round-the-clock monitoring of security events for taking remedial measures against cyber attacks, the statement quoted Minister of State for Communications and IT Sachin Pilot as saying.
It added that CERT-In is keeping a close watch on the Distributed Denial of Service (DDoS) attacks through active co-operation with the Internet Service Providers (ISPs) in the country.

Security awareness training programmes on `Security measures against DDoS attacks` are also organised by CERT-In for the network administrators in the government and private sector organisations, it added.
PTI

------------------
New Delhi: India is to widen the scope of its cyber-security coordinator in the wake of incendiary internet data that swept the country earlier this month and forced an exodus of northeastern people from Pune and Bangalore but there is no move to take up the issue with Pakistan, a senior official said Tuesday.
India has also reiterated a demand made three years ago to toughen cyber laws to prevent such hate campaigns, the official said.

"We already have a cyber-security coordinator in the National Security Council Secretariat. But since this is more of a think thank, this individual will take a more holistic view and look at other options before suggesting additional counter measures," the official said.
He, however, split hairs on Indian Home Secretary R.K. Singh suggesting a Pakistani angle to the hate campaign.
"Mr. Singh never said Pakistan was involved. What he said was that some Pakistanis were involved. Our investigations show that 28-30 percent of the uploads were done from Pakistan. Suppose we take this up with Pakistan. They could well ask: `Oh, so where did the balance 70 percent come from?`" the official said.
"This is not a state-to-state issue. We are dealing with a domain where there are no boundaries. This is all the more reason for international rules of the road that we have been pressing for since the past three years," the official added.
To that extent, this issue will not figure when Prime Minister Manmohan Singh meets Pakistani President Asif Ali Zardari on the sidelines of the Non-Aligned Summit in Tehran on Thursday.
Till that time tighter laws are in place, how did the government propose to deal with future attacks?

"We`ll have to work at multiple levels. We have to put in filters. Now that we know what we are dealing with we are better equipped to deal with it. But then, who owns the Internet? The whole world owns it. It`s a new domain. It`s a whole new ball game," the official said.
IANS

------------------
Chennai: A multi-pronged strategy of setting up of a super information- sharing body, better coordination between government agencies, use of indigenous software and hardware could help in avoiding cyber terrorism on India, said officials of NGO Cyber Society of India.

"Through shared data-mining and warehousing, hackers get a comprehensive outlook. On the other hand, government agencies work as islands, not sharing information," the society`s founder chairman R. Ramamurthy told reporters here Tuesday.
According to the society`s senior vice president V. Rajendran, India needs a law for data privacy same as western nations.
Simple steps like seeking a mobile phone number as an authentication by all email and social networking site providers in India will not only enable tracing the trail but also fix responsibilities on content or service providers, society officials said.
The NGO welcomed the government`s action in banning bulk SMSes and some websites that had messages threatening people hailing from northeast regions living in other parts of the country.
According to the society, the Indian Computer Emergency Response Team (CERT-IN) has sufficient teeth to act against cyber attackers and the present laws including the Information Technology Act are sufficient to deal with the matter.
Setting up of a super monitoring nodal agency to exclusively look after the cyber security of the nation should be considered, the officials said.

This agency should be empowered to receive information of potential attacks from intelligence agencies and take preventive and corrective action with well-defined powers vested with it, they urged.
IANS

------------------
Thiruvananthapuram: Investigation agencies probing cyber crimes in the country face major challenges with emergence of new technologies like cloud computing, mobile applications and wireless technology, to which terror outfits have access, a top NIA official said here today.
Loknath Behra, Inspector General, National Investigation Agency, said use of advanced technology by such terror and radical groups, most of whom have cyber experts,has made it difficult for investigating agencies to trace locations of the masterminds. 

He said collection of evidence has become difficult as most internet servers are located outside the country. "Of the 13 internet servers, nine are located in US," he pointed out.
He was speaking to reporters here on the sidelines of the `COCON 2012`, the International Cyber Security and Policing Conference, organised by Kerala police.
Behra said outfits like Indian Mujahuddin used to send e-mails before each attack. "But till date the origin of a single mail has not been traced correctly. That means they are good in technology," he said.
However, he said NIA has not come across any cloud computing used by terror groups so far.
Behra said proliferation of social networking sites, mobile applications and voice over internet protocol also posed challenges. IP spoofing, phishing, pharming have also become more advanced.
"The internet and IT are having great impact on our lives and lifestyles. At the same time they pose challenges which are mostly legal and social," Behra said.

Most of the cases now being investigated by NIA are from Kerala, he added. 
PTI

------------------
Thiruvananthapuram: Kerala Chief Minister Oommen Chandy today said social networking sites have become a major problem in the country and if not used with control, could have `disastrous` results on the younger generation.

Inaugurating the two-day `International Cyber Security and Policing Conference` here, he said social networking sites like Facebook and Twitter are popular among youth but the `hidden matter` within is the biggest malice affecting children.
Quoting a recent survey, Chandy said the average time spent by 33 per cent of children on the web is about 60 minutes, while around six per cent spent more than six hours.
"This rise in number of users has also seen a rise in cyber crime activities, particularly those targeted towards children," he said.
The Chief Minister said children and women are most vulnerable in cyber related crimes. Crimes like pornography, cyber stalking, cyber cheating and hacking are primarily used against women, he said, adding "most of this happens due to lack of awareness and poor cyber security measures adopted."
A total of 799 persons were arrested under IT Act in 2010 and 294 persons under cyber-crime related sections of Indian Penal Code, he said, quoting the National Crime Records Bureau.
The conference, organised by Kerala Police, is aimed at formulating a platform to discuss, showcase and educate on latests trends in information, cyber and hi-tech crimes.
Delivering the keynote address, former Minister of state for External Affairs and MP, Sashi Tharoor said the manner in which India deals with cyber threats left much to be desired.
"It is relatively chaotic and there is constant insecurity in the minds of observers that our cyber-defences are inefficient. This perception has been underscored by frequent reports of successful invasions of Indian cyberspace," he said.
Stating that freedom of cyberspace is just as crucial as its protection, he said the policy on cyber security is too important to be left to cyber security experts and too valuable socially to be left to police.

Cyber experts from government and non-government agencies from the country and abroad are participating in the event.
PTI

------------------
Thiruvananthapuram: As many as 80,000 cyber crime related complaints have been registered with police in Kerala in the last one year, of which 50,000 relate to harassment of women through new hi-tech devices, Home Minister Thiruvanchoor Radhakrishnan said here today.
The number of cyber crimes are on the rise in the state with 80,000 complaints lodged in the last one year, 50,000 relating to women alone, he told reporters.

Most victims of these crimes were teenaged girls and women, he said, adding, there was a "nefarious attempt" to trap young girls to indulge in wrongdoing.
The increase in number of mobile phones has also led to an increase in the number of cyber crimes, he said, adding that Kerala now has three crore RPT three crore mobile phones.
Crimes were also reported by misusing social networking system and internet, Radhakrishnan said.
The minister said with a view to strengthen computer security using best practice, Kerala Police would hold an International Information Security Conference here on August 3 and 4.
"By fostering the collaboration of the public and private sectors, our goal is to conceive new counter measures against cyber security threats and crimes against women," he said.
On the reported presence of Maoists in Kerala forests, he said certain things cannot be disclosed due to security reasons. "Necessary steps would be taken by police to prevent activities of such groups," he said.
Justifying the ban on the August 15 `freedom parade` of Popular Front of India, he pointed out that the ban had been in force for the past three years and the UDF government had only followed the stand taken by the previous LDF government.

He said Independence Day celebrations were official celebrations conducted by all the state governments. "Let us celebrate the freedom together," he said, adding, the PFI`s parade has a "sectarian colour" to it.
PTI

------------------
 Thiruvananthapuram: As many as 80,000 cyber crime related complaints have been registered with police in Kerala in the last one year, of which 50,000 relate to harassment of women through new hi-tech devices, Home Minister Thiruvanchoor Radhakrishnan said here today.

 The number of cyber crimes are on the rise in the state with 80,000 complaints lodged in the last one year, of which 50,000 were relating to women alone, the home minister told reporters here.
Most victims of these crimes were teenaged girls and women, he said, adding there was a nefarious attempt to trap young girls to indulge in wrongdoing.
 The increase in number of mobile phones had also led to more number of cyber crimes, he said.
 Kerala now has three lakh mobile phones, he said.
 Crimes were also reported by misusing social networking websites on the internet, he said.
 The minister said with a view to strengthen computer security using best practices, Kerala Police would hold an International Information Security Conference here on August 3 and 4.
 "By fostering the collaboration of the public and private sectors, our goal is to conceive new counter measures against cyber security threats and crimes against women," he said.
 On reported presence of Maoist in Kerala forests, he said certain things cannot be disclosed due to security reasons. Necessary steps would be taken by police to prevent activities of such groups, he said.
 Justifying the ban on the August 15 `freedom parade` of Popular Front of India, he pointed out that the ban had been in force for the past three years and UDF government had only followed the stand taken by the previous LDF government.

 He said Independence Day celebrations were official celebrations conducted by all state governments. "Let us celebrate the freedom together," he said, adding the PFI`s parade has a sectarian colour to it. 
PTI

------------------
Beijing: Chinese police arrested over 10,000 suspects and 600 criminal gangs during its latest crackdown on cyber crime.

The Ministry of Public Security said the crackdown targeted pornography and the illegal sale of personal details.
The ministry said that as of June, 3.2 million harmful messages had been deleted and 30 Internet service providers punished for granting access to unlicensed sites.
Although illegal and harmful information on the internet has been sharply reduced through intensified crackdowns, fraudulent messages are still seen occasionally, the official Xinhua news agency quoted a ministry statement, as saying.
And some telecom service providers are not strict enough when managing websites, it added.
According to The BBC, the statement coincides with reports from some of the country`s local authorities about their own efforts.

Beijing Police said it had arrested 5,007 people suspected of internet-related crimes and closed 263 Internet cafes as part of its efforts to protect the physical and mental health of young people using the web. 
ANI

------------------
Pyongyang: US President Barack Obama has expressed concerns over increasing cases of cyber-attacks, calling it the most serious economic and national security challenge that America faces.

In an opinion piece for the Wall Street Journal, Obama pointed out that the US had to do more to put essential defences in place to avoid the debilitating effects of an attack.
It would be the height of irresponsibility to leave a digital backdoor wide open to our cyber-adversaries, Obama wrote in the newspaper`s editorial column.
He warned enemies struggling to defeat the US on the terrestrial battlefield might move the conflict to cyberspace, the BBC reports.
According to the report, Obama rehearsed the potential consequences of a successful cyber-attack, saying it could trigger a financial crisis if banks were hit.
Health emergencies could be caused by infiltrating the computer systems in hospitals or water treatment plants, he said.

And taking out power plants could bring entire regions to a standstill, he added. 
ANI

------------------
Washington: If you have an easy and predictable password such as 123456, abc123, or the word password, then you are at a higher risk of having your account hacked, according to a report.
In the wake of a security breach at Yahoo a Slovakian IT security company has released a list of the most commonly used passwords for hacked accounts.

According to Yahoo News, ESET carried out a study of the almost half a million account details leaked online by an unknown hacker group.
Analysts found that almost 1,700 of the hacked accounts were protected with the password ``123456``, while 780 users opted for ``password, a newspaper reports.
In 2011 ``password`` was the most commonly used password, according to password management application maker SpashID.
Also in the top 10 were welcome, abc123 and qwerty. They are easy to remember but also very easy to guess.

According to the paper, despite many security warnings a shocking number of Internet users continue to use some of the most blatant letter and number combinations.
ANI

------------------
New Delhi: With cyber terrorism on the rise and the fight against it getting acute, the Indian Navy will soon have an exclusive cadre of cyber warriors to combat the menace and to counter the ubiquitous attacks of hostile hackers.
For the purpose, the Indian Navy has set in motion the process of recruiting its first batch of dedicated officers for information technology who would work at creating networks for the maritime force, man the networks and maintain the systems.

The navy thus becomes the first of the Indian armed forces to create such a cadre of officers from among its executive branch, instead of the technical branch.
It is now looking at recruiting engineering, information technology and computer science graduates as short service commissioned officers for whom the training will begin in December.
Unfortunately, for women who may be interested in such a career, the navy`s cyber warrior cadre, as of now, will be only an all-men affair.
Only about two months ago, the navy had created a separate cell for communications, space and network centric operations (CS&NCO) under a rear admiral-rank officer, who would function as the assistant chief of naval staff (CS&NCO).
Though not a direct reason for setting up this exclusive information technology cadre, the Indian Navy had faced one of its worst cyber attacks on its Eastern Command headquartered at Visakhapatnam when a pen drive used by some of its officers had led to sensitive, secret information being passed on to China due to a malware in the device.

The navy had set up a probe into the role of six of its officers for breaching the cyber security protocol at Visakhapatnam.
IANS

------------------
New Delhi: Cyber criminals may have attempted to siphon off anywhere between 60 million euros and 2 billion euros in fraudulent transfers from at least 60 banks globally, a McAfee and Guardian Analytics study today said.

The study highlighted a highly sophisticated, multi- tiered, global financial fraud ring that is comprised of at least a dozen groups use active and passive automated transfer systems to steal high value amounts from high balance accounts.
"This fraud empire, dubbed Operation High Roller, has impacted every class of financial institution: credit union, large global bank and regional bank, using smaller and less detectable automated transactions," McAfee said in a statement.
So far, McAfee estimates the criminals have attempted somewhere between 60 million euros and 2 billion euros in fraudulent transfers from at least 60 banks, it added.
Though Europe has been the primary target for such attacks in the past, the study found the thefts spreading outside Europe, including the US and Colombia.
Though the report does not highlight any Indian banks being targeted by the specific campaigns analysed, but the sophistication and nature of these attacks should be taken as a wake-up call for institutions here, says McAfee CTO Asia Pacific Michael Sentonas.
"Criminals have taken the next step in innovation. There are groups of people conducting this fraudulent activity, learning form one another, selling abilities to each other. It is a message to financial institutions to tweak their fraud models to look for this kind of behavior," he added.
He said the most effective detection technique is to use "anomaly detection solutions" to monitor online behaviour.
"These solutions detect activity that is unusual or anomalous when compared to established normal behaviour for each account holder such as payee, speed or frequency of the activity, and other non-transaction activities which typically have taken place during online banking sessions," he added.

Consumers also need to be alert to unexpected changes when performing online banking transactions, Sentonas said. 
PTI

------------------
Varanasi: In view of a rise in cyber crime, Uttar Pradesh government has decided to open cyber police stations in all eight zones of the state.

There has been an increase in cases of cyber crime, so the state government plans to set up cyber police stations in all eight zones of the state, DGP A C Sharma told reporters here today.
The officials during the training at police academy are provided special lesson on methods to crack cyber crime cases, he said. 
A chapter on cyber crime has been added in the police training, Sharma added.
The police official further said that an amount of Rs 8 lakh has been approved for the upgradation of cyber police stations at Lucknow and Agra.
Earlier in the day, Sharma and Principal Secretary (Home) R M Srivastava held a review meeting of police and administrative officials of Varanasi division.
PTI

------------------
Img/2012/6/3/Mcafee-275.jpg

New Delhi: India may have low penetration of computers, but it is ahead of countries like US, Japan and Singapore when it comes to basic PC protection, says a report by security software maker McAfee.
It conducted a global study across 24 nations, analysing data from voluntary scans of an average of 27-28 million PCs per month to determine a global estimate of the number of consumers who have basic security software installed.
Finland had the highest number of 90.3 percent PCs with a basic security software solution in place, followed by Italy (86.2 percent) and Germany (85.55 percent).
Basic security protection is defined as working anti- virus, anti-spyware and firewall technologies.
India ranked 14th on the list with 82.67 percent, while China ranked 17th (82 percent), followed by Japan and US at the 19th spot (80.65 percent) and Singapore at 22nd position (78.25 per cent). The global average stood at 83 per cent.
According to estimates, India had a total installed base of over 60 million PCs at the end of 2011.
"Its gratifying to see that the majority of consumers have gotten the message that at the very least they need to have basic security protection installed," McAfee Co-President Todd Gebhart said.
"Protecting digital devices against cyber crime from malware not only benefits each of us personally, but also serves to discourage illicit activity and preserve the integrity of the Internet," he added.
Cases of cyber-attacks against banks, technology firms, e-stores and government agencies are on the rise and have cost millions of dollars worth of losses, McAfee said.
However, 17 percent of the PCs scanned either had no anti-virus installed or the software was installed, but disabled.
Spain (16.3 percent) topped the list of countries where the PCs scanned did not have a security solution in place, followed by Japan (13.2 percent) and China (12.9 percent).
About 10.9 percent of the PCs scanned in India did not have a security solution, placing India at the 8th spot.
The study suggests often people do not understand that once the trial subscription expires (which came pre-installed with the PC), they are no longer protected.
Some consumers may disable their security protection on purpose, for example to play online games, while some PC users believe they do not need protection if they simply adhere to safe surfing best practices, it added.
"Security software is consumers` first and, in many cases, only defence against cybercrime," the study said. 
PTI

------------------
New Delhi: India may have low penetration of computers, but it is ahead of countries like US, Japan and Singapore when it comes to basic PC protection, says a report by security software maker McAfee.

It conducted a global study across 24 nations, analysing data from voluntary scans of an average of 27-28 million PCs per month to determine a global estimate of the number of consumers who have basic security software installed.
Finland had the highest number of 90.3 percent PCs with a basic security software solution in place, followed by Italy (86.2 percent) and Germany (85.55 percent).
Basic security protection is defined as working anti- virus, anti-spyware and firewall technologies.
India ranked 14th on the list with 82.67 percent, while China ranked 17th (82 percent), followed by Japan and US at the 19th spot (80.65 percent) and Singapore at 22nd position (78.25 per cent). The global average stood at 83 per cent.
According to estimates, India had a total installed base of over 60 million PCs at the end of 2011.
"Its gratifying to see that the majority of consumers have gotten the message that at the very least they need to have basic security protection installed," McAfee Co-President Todd Gebhart said.
"Protecting digital devices against cyber crime from malware not only benefits each of us personally, but also serves to discourage illicit activity and preserve the integrity of the Internet," he added.
Cases of cyber-attacks against banks, technology firms, e-stores and government agencies are on the rise and have cost millions of dollars worth of losses, McAfee said.
However, 17 percent of the PCs scanned either had no anti-virus installed or the software was installed, but disabled.
Spain (16.3 percent) topped the list of countries where the PCs scanned did not have a security solution in place, followed by Japan (13.2 percent) and China (12.9 percent).
About 10.9 percent of the PCs scanned in India did not have a security solution, placing India at the 8th spot.
The study suggests often people do not understand that once the trial subscription expires (which came pre-installed with the PC), they are no longer protected.
Some consumers may disable their security protection on purpose, for example to play online games, while some PC users believe they do not need protection if they simply adhere to safe surfing best practices, it added.

"Security software is consumers` first and, in many cases, only defence against cybercrime," the study said. 
PTI

------------------
New Delhi: Emerging cities like Surat, Indore, Bhubaneswar and Visakhapatnam face increasing risk of online attacks as cyber criminals look to exploit the low adoption levels of security measures in these smaller cities, security software firm Symantec today said.
In its Internet Security Threat Report, Symantec said smaller and emerging cities like Cochin and Jaipur are increasingly facing the risk of cyber attacks, with 25 per cent of bot-infections in India reported in such cities.

A Botnet is a network of computers, controlled by one computer (bot herder), which attacks another PC and makes it a part of its network. The main drivers for botnets are for recognition and financial gains.
The report added that small and medium sized enterprises were also falling prey to advanced attacks, contrary to the perception that only large organisations are targeted for cyber crime.
"Augmented by broadband penetration, smaller and emerging cities of India are exploring opportunities offered by the virtual world, in turn, creating a new lucrative pool of targets for cyber criminals to exploit," Symantec Vice- President and Managing Director (India Product Operations) Shantanu Ghosh said.
Lack of awareness and low adoption of security measures makes these cities susceptible to cyber threats and warrants greater vigilance in protecting information assets, he added.
According to the report, more than 50 per cent of the targeted attacks were directed at organisations with less than 2,500 employees, and almost 18 per cent target companies had less than 250 employees.
These organisations may be targeted because they are in the supply chain or partner ecosystem of a larger company and because they are less well-defended, the report said.
Also, 58 per cent of attacks targeted non-executives and employees in roles such as human resources, public relations, and sales, it said.

Individuals in these jobs may not have direct access to information, but they can serve as a direct link into the company, the report said, adding that they are also easy to identify online as they are used to getting proactive inquiries and attachments from unknown sources.
PTI

------------------
New Delhi: With India having experienced 8,000 cyber attacks during the 2010 Commmonwealth Games, National Security Adviser Shiv Shankar Menon Wednesday said the government is "in final stages" of developing capabilities for protecting against such possibilities.

"The Information and Communication Technology (ICT) revolution has brought power to non-state actors and small groups such as terrorists. It has given small groups and individuals the means to threaten and act against much larger groups.
"Government is in the process of putting in place the capabilities and the systems to deal with this archaic new world of constant and undeclared cyber threat, attack, counter-attack and defence," Menon said while releasing an IDSA report on cyber security,
The National Security Advisor had earlier said over 8,000 cyber attacks on the Commonwealth Games ticketing and scoring systems in October last year but these were repelled.
Today, he said the same technology has enhanced the internal security capabilities through cyber penetration and a "democratic society must draw a line between the collective right to security and the individuals right to privacy".
The NSA said 120 countries, including all the major powers, are developing offensive cyber capabilities as well as using cyber espionage and so are smaller powers which see ICT as an "equaliser".
"These technologies have also enabled individuals and small groups to use cyber space for their own ends. We in India are subject to unwelcome attention from many of them, state and non-state," he said. 
PTI

------------------
Zeebiz Bureau

Bangalore: Indias cyber woes claim fifth spot in a worldwide ranking of countries afflicted with cyber crime, claims a report by the Security and Defence Agenda (SDA) and McAfee.
The report, Cyber Security: The Vexed Question of Global Rules, states that premium on Internet privacy in the country is quite low.
Brussels-based SDA spoke to leading global security experts to ensure that findings would offer useful recommendations and actions.
At the Cyber Security Summit which concluded in Bangalore on Friday, officials from the National Security Committee claimed that the government is firstly looking at capacity building that will lead to the draft of the national cyber security policy which is currently under discussion.
The report also states that India is well aware that cyber crime affects the reputation of the country which does business with foreign investors who invest heavily in cyber security. It further raises a grave issue of lack of a single operator to effectively control Internet, telecom and power sectors.
Ernst and Young warns that it can cost companies as much as 5 per cent of their profits if they are vulnerable to cyber crimes.
Minister of State for Communications and IT, Sachin Pilot stated that as much as 133 Indian government websites fell prey to hackers in the first three months of 2012.

------------------
Washington: In the last decade, cryptography researchers have shown that even the most secure-seeming computer is shockingly susceptible to attack.
The time it takes a computer to store data in memory, fluctuations in its power consumption and even the noises it emits can betray information to a savvy assailant.

Attacks that use such indirect sources of information are called side-channel attacks, and the increasing popularity of cloud computing makes them an even greater threat.
An attacker would have to be pretty motivated to install a device in your wall to measure your computers power consumption. But its comparatively easy to load a bit of code on a server in the cloud and eavesdrop on other applications its running.
Fortunately, even as theyve been researching side-channel attacks, cryptographers have also been investigating ways of stopping them.
Shafi Goldwasser, the RSA Professor of Electrical Engineering and Computer Science at MIT, and her former student Guy Rothblum, whos now a researcher at Microsoft Research, recently posted a long report, describing a general approach to mitigating side-channel attacks.
In addition to preventing attacks on private information, Goldwasser said, the technique could also protect devices that use proprietary algorithms so that they cant be reverse-engineered by pirates or market competitors.
Today, when a personal computer is in use, its usually running multiple programs  say, a word processor, a browser, a PDF viewer, maybe an email program or a spreadsheet program.
All the programs are storing data in memory, but the laptops operating system wont let any program look at the data stored by any other.
The operating systems running on servers in the cloud are no different, but a malicious program could launch a side-channel attack simply by sending its own data to memory over and over again.
From the time the data storage and retrieval takes, it can infer what the other programs are doing with remarkable accuracy.
Goldwasser and Rothblums technique obscures the computational details of a program, whether its running on a laptop or a server. Their system converts a given computation into a sequence of smaller computational modules.
Data fed into the first module is encrypted, and at no point during the modules execution is it decrypted. The still-encrypted output of the first module is fed into the second module, which encrypts it in yet a different way, and so on.
The encryption schemes and the modules are devised so that the output of the final module is exactly the output of the original computation. But the operations performed by the individual modules are entirely different.
A side-channel attacker could extract information about how the data in any given module is encrypted, but that wont let him deduce what the sequence of modules do as a whole.
The adversary can take measurements of each module, Goldwasser said, but they cant learn anything more than they could from a black box.
The report by Goldwasser and Rothblum describes a type of compiler, a program that takes code written in a form intelligible to humans and converts it into the low-level instruction intelligible to a computer.
There, the computational modules are an abstraction: The instruction that inaugurates a new module looks no different from the instruction that concluded the last one.
But in the recent paper, the modules are executed on different servers on a network.
Goldwasser and Rothblums study, is a much more foundational study, looking at really foundational, deep questions about what is possible, Nigel Smart, a professor of cryptology in the computer science department at the University of Bristol in England said.
Smart also said that previous work on side-channel attacks tended to focus on the threat posed to handheld devices, such as cellphones and smart cards.
It would seem to me that the stuff that is more likely to take off in the long run is the stuff thats talking about servers, Smart said.
I dont know anyone else outside MIT whos looking at that.
Smart cautioned, however, that the work of Goldwasser and her colleagues is unlikely to yield practical applications in the near future.
In security, and especially cryptography, it takes a long time to go from an academic idea to something thats actually used in the real world, Smart said.
Theyre looking at what could be possible in 10, 20 years time, Smart added.

The report has been published on the website of the Electronic Colloquium on Computational Complexity.
ANI

------------------
New Delhi: In the backdrop of rising cyber crime, Home Minister P Chidambaram disclosed Monday that the government proposed to create a national structure for cyber security and establish a National Threat Intelligence Centre.

 "No one is immune to cyber crime and attacks," he said, recalling that there had been cyber attacks on the Prime Minister`s Office (PMO), CBI and other government infrastructure.
 "Discussions have been held and we are at an advanced stage of creating a national structure for cyber security. We are also thinking of setting up a National Threat Intelligence Centre," Chidambaram said.
     Launching a report on cyber security prepared by software industry body Nasscom, he said there was a need to build capacity in various law enforcement agencies in cyber crime investigations and cyber forensics.
     Chidambaram said dimensions of security problem increased manifold in the online space and "we have to build lawful interception capabilities".
The report, `Securing Our Cyber Frontiers`, by Nasscom and Data Security Council of India (DSCI) presented to Chidambaram by outgoing Nasscom Chairman Rajendra Pawar, has suggested setting up a national structure for cyber security, which would clearly define the roles and responsibilities of stakeholders.
     It has also recommended establishing a National Threat Intelligence Centre, which would integrate all existing information sources.

     "We have taken numerous steps to protect the physical infrastructure...I think all that we have done to protect the infrastructure in the physical space seems to be a lighter task than when we face threats that have been outlined in the cyber space," he said.
PTI

------------------
New Delhi: Law enforcement agencies need to quickly scale up capacity to fight cyber crime as dimensions of security problem increase manifold in the online space, Home Minister P Chidambaram said Monday.

"We have taken numerous steps to protect the physical infrastructure...I think all that we have done to protect the infrastructure in the physical space seems to be a lighter task than when we face threats that have been outlined in the cyber space," Chidambaram said while launching a report on cyber security prepared by software industry body Nasscom.
He said the dimension of the security problem "grows manifold in crimes on cyber space" with offences such as identity theft, hacking, financial fraud, child pornography and corporate espionage.
"From a national security point of view, this is an important report and law enforcement agencies should quickly scale up their capacity to deal with these new crimes," Chidambaram said.
The report, 'Securing Our Cyber Frontiers', by Nasscom and Data Security Council of India (DSCI) suggested setting up a national structure for cyber security, which would clearly define the roles and responsibilities of stakeholders.
It has also recommended establishing a National Threat Intelligence Centre, which would integrate all existing information sources.
Chidambaram said some of the recommendations overlap with several ongoing initiatives of the government.
"Discussions have been held and we are on advanced stage of creating a national structure for cyber security. We are also thinking of setting up a National Threat Intelligence Centre.
"Needless to say capacities have to be built in the various law enforcement agencies in cyber crime investigations and cyber forensics. We have to build lawful interception capabilities," he added.
Nasscom also recommended creating and maintaining an inventory of critical information infrastructure.
The work is underway to "prepare inventory critical information infrastructure...Testing labs for accreditation of ICT products are also being set up," the Minister said.
"Cyber space is a national asset...The way forward is obviously to work together. While the government and government agencies will remain principal players, the undeniable fact is that there are millions of private sector players and the challenge to cyber security can not be met unless they work together," he added.
Other recommendations by Nasscom include designing and implementing a competency framework and setting up a Centre of Excellence for best practice in cyber security.
Besides, it has suggested establishing a cyber command within the defence forces.
"The cyber command should be equipped with defensive and offensive cyber weapons and manpower trained in cyber warfare," the report said. 
PTI

------------------
New Delhi: Maharashtra and Karnataka topped the list of cyber crimes registered in 2010 with 246 cases and 176 cases respectively, Communications and IT Minister Kapil Sibal said.

 "With the increase in the proliferation of Information Technology and related services, there is a rise in number of cyber crimes and cyber security incidents. The trend in increase in cyber incidents is similar to that worldwide," Sibal had said in a written reply to the Lok Sabha.
 Maharashtra recorded the highest number of cyber crime cases at 104 under IPC (Indian Penal Code) in 2010 and had registered 142 cases under the IT Act in the same year, putting the combined cybercrime count at 246.
 Similarly, under the IT Act, Karnataka in 2010 had the highest incidents of 153 cyber crime cases while it had 23 cases in the same year registered under IPC - taking its total tally to 176 cases.
 Across the country, a total 966 cases of cyber crime reported under Information Technology Act, 2000 in 2010, Sibal said.
 As per data maintained by National Crime Records Bureau, a total of 288, 420 and 966 cyber crime cases were registered under the Information Technology Act, 2000 during 2008, 2009 and 2010, respectively, thereby showing an increasing trend, he added.
 Under the Indian Penal Code (IPC), a total of 176, 276 and
356 cyber crimes were reported during 2008, 2009 and 2010, respectively.
 The minister said the government has put in place a monitoring mechanism to detect such cases.
 "The Indian Computer Emergency Response Team (CERT-In) scans the Indian cyber space to detect traces of untoward incidents that poses a threat to the cyber space purely from technical point of view," he said.
 CERT-In provides mechanisms to detect cyber frauds and cyber crimes like phishing, spamming, pharming and detection of `BOTS` which are used in cyber frauds and cyber crimes.
 CERT-In and Centre for Development of Advanced Computing (C-DAC) are involved in providing basic and advanced training to law enforcement agencies, forensics labs and judiciary on the procedures on the methodology of collecting, analysing and presenting digital evidence, he said.
 "Cyber forensic training lab has been set up at Training Academy of Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) to impart basic and advanced training in cyber forensics and investigation of cyber crimes to police officers associated with CBI," Sibal said.

 In addition, the government has also set up such labs in Kerala, Assam, Mizoram, Nagaland, Arunachal Pradesh, Tripura, Meghalaya, Manipur and Jammu and Kashmir, Sibal said.
PTI

------------------
Manila: The Philippines said alleged Chinese hackers attacked three websites maintained by President Benigno Aquino`s office today.
The attacks came shortly after the government said it would raise its concerns with the United States over an increasingly tense territorial sea dispute with China.

"Information gathered through our data analysis indicated that the attack originated from IP (internet protocol) addresses were assigned to Chinese networks," the statement said.
The attack caused a "temporary disruption of service," the statement added.
Monday`s attack came three days after hackers claiming to be from China defaced the website of the Philippines` top government-run university to assert their country`s claim over South China Sea.
Local reports said a group of Philippine hackers calling itself "Anonymous" allegedly retaliated by hacking two Chinese government websites.

Philippine Foreign Ministry spokesman Raul Hernandez earlier Monday condemned the cyber attacks and called on hackers from both sides to stop the online war.
PTI

------------------
Srinagar: The Cyber Crime Cell of Jammu and Kashmir police has claimed to have uncovered a network of youths who used social networking sites to foment trouble in the state during the last few years.

"We have identified the persons who have been indulging in trouble mongering over the past couple of years by using the social networking sites," Inspector General of Police (Kashmir Zone) S M Sahai said.
Some of the youths have already been questioned, but no arrest has been made so far in the case, he said.
However, he refused to give any further details of the investigations or the line of action to be adopted by the police by saying that the law will takes its own course.
Police sources said investigators have identified 24 persons who were operating over a dozen "anti-national pages."
So far four youth, most of them in their early 20s and hailing from Srinagar city, have been questioned in this regard.
They were operating pages like `Freedom of Dawn`, `Balai Khuda`, `Aalov` and `we love Syed Ali Shah Geelani` on Facebook, which allegedly supported separatist agenda and stone-pelting incidents during the summer unrest of 2010.
In fact, these pages had become reliable sources of information about incidents during the five months of unrest that year as Internet users from various parts of the Valley posted latest events on these pages, they claimed.

Anti-national pages being operated from abroad, including in UK, US, Pakistan and the UAE, have been tracked down and most of their administrators are Kashmiris based in these countries, they claimed.
PTI

------------------
Hyderabad: Cyber crime cases, especially the Nigerian frauds, phishing and transmission of obscene content in electronic form has seen a rise in Andhra Pradesh and also witnessed a two-fold increase in the arrest of cyber offenders in 2011.

From 197 cyber crime cases reported in 2010, the number went up to 350 in 2011 and the cases were registered at three Cyber Crime police stations, including the Cyber Crime wing of CID here and different Cyber Crime units functioning across the state, a senior police officer said.
"Close to 100 offenders were arrested during 2011 as compared to about 60 in the previous year in connection with various cyber offences," Superintendent of Police (CID-Cyber Crime) U Rama Mohan said.
Over 90 cases pertaining to the posting of objectionable content targeting women and girls on social networking sites and sending vulgar emails were registered in 2011, besides some other important cyber crime incidents.
Cyber sleuths are in touch with the Interpol, MHA and other agencies like Computer Emergency Response Team and National Technological Research Organisation to improve monitoring and coordinating detection of cyber crimes.
"We have sought help from the Interpol that will enable us getting information on overseas servers (used in cyber crimes) and help in extradition of such offenders," he said.
Recently, Interpol`s help was sought for a case, in which a person from England was "harassing" a girl in Andhra Pradesh, he added. 
Cyber sleuths have also arrested 30 Nigerians in cases of online lottery fraud (to the tune of over Rs 3 crore) last year, who were tracked down from New Delhi and Mumbai, the SP said.
"With lot of awareness more number of cyber crime victims are coming out to lodge complaints with police who are now capable of detecting the cyber crimes efficiently and quickly after being imparted with required technical skills of cyber crime investigation," Rama Mohan said.
There have also been cases pertaining to hacking of government websites and e-mail accounts of individuals, misuse of bank accounts and credit card/debit card data, tampering with computer source documents, cases of other cyber crimes being investigated by Cyber sleuths this year too which also saw conviction of two cyber offenders with regard to cases of harassing girls, he said.

With increasing number of cyber offences, there is a proposal to start two new cyber police stations at Visakhapatnam and Tirupati for effective tackling of cyber crimes, Rama Mohan added.
PTI

------------------
Los Angeles: Leading online dating companies eHarmony, Match.com and the operator of sites ChristianMingle and JDate have agreed to check subscribers against national sex offender registries to screen out predators, the California attorney general said.

The set of business principles for the industry, which are also meant to screen out fraudsters, additionally includes providing customers with means to rapidly report abuse.
The companies said they have already taken similar steps to protect their customers, even before the public announcement was made on Tuesday.
California Attorney General Kamala Harris reached the agreement with the companies after establishing an eCrime Unit last year to prosecute identity theft, data intrusion and crimes involving the use of technology.
"The safety of our members and integrity of our sites is of fundamental importance to us, and we have always taken a multi-faceted approach to creating and maintaining safe online communities like JDate and ChristianMingle," Greg Liberman, president and CEO of Spark Networks, said in a statement.
Jeremy Verba, the CEO of eHarmony, said in a statement that his company has made the types of practices laid out in the agreement a part of its business "for many years."

But Verba, and the heads of the other two companies, said they were eager to set an example for the rest of the industry.
Bureau Report

------------------
Amravati: Websites of more than 46 educational institutions based in the district were allegedly hacked by a group reportedly based in Pakistan, police said on Monday.

The incident took place on Saturday and came to light on Sunday.
Cyber Crime Branch has launched investigations after receiving complaints in this regard from Sant Gadgebaba Amravati University, P R Pote College of Engineering and Prof Ram Meghe Institute of Technology and Research, among others, they said.
Muslim Liberation Army (MLA), an obscure group said to be based in Lahore, allegedly hacked into these websites and posted objectionable material on them, police said.
PTI

------------------
Pretoria: South Africa has approved a policy that will address security threats related to cyberspace, combat cyber warfare and cyber crime, state-run news agency BuaNews reported.

The cabinet has approved the National Cyber Security Policy Framework, said the ministry of state security.
The policy framework also emphasises the need to develop, review and update existing laws as well as build trust in the secure use of information and communication technologies, the ministry said.

Institutions will also be established to coordinate the work of security departments.
IANS

------------------
Img/2012/3/13/cyber-256.jpg

Pretoria: South Africa has approved a policy that will address security threats related to cyberspace, combat cyber warfare and cyber crime, state-run news agency BuaNews reported.
The cabinet has approved the National Cyber Security Policy Framework, said the ministry of state security.
The policy framework also emphasises the need to develop, review and update existing laws as well as build trust in the secure use of information and communication technologies, the ministry said.
Institutions will also be established to coordinate the work of security departments.
IANS

------------------
Srinagar: The Jammu and Kashmir government has stressed on the need for adopting latest policing techniques to deal with the new challenges of cyber crime and terrorism.

 "With the changing times, latest techniques of policing should be adopted to deal with the new challenges of cyber crime and terrorism," state Home Minister Nasir Aslam Wani said here yesterday.
 He was addressing 835 recruit constables at the 10th attestation-cum-passing out parade at Police Training School, Manigam, 35 km from here.
 "To deal with the new challenges, the (police) department has to increase its proficiency in the field of training, investigation, intelligence and other network," Wani said.
 DGP Kuldeep Khoda, who was also present in the function, said the police department is focusing on sharpening skills of its personnel to full-proof security in the state.

 Modernisation in respect of gadgets has been receiving high priority, he said. 
PTI

------------------
Mumbai: The Union Home Ministry would like
to work with the National Association of Software and Services
Companies (NASSCOM) in the area of cyber crime, which is
growing very fast, Home Minister P Chidambaram on Tuesday said
here.

     He gave away NASSCOM Global Leadership Awards at a
function here this evening.
     "In 2009, there were 2,866 reported incidents of cyber
crime in India. The US-based Internet Crime Control Centre has
said that India ranks fifth in number of cyber crimes. Every
year cyber crime in India is going up at the rate of 50 per
cent. Over the last five years, around 9,000 Indian websites
were hacked," Chidambaram said.
     NASSCOM and Data Security Council of India (DSCI) had
prepared a detailed project report to set up cyber forensic
labs across the country, he said.

     "The idea is to set up cyber crime police stations and
cyber forensic labs all over the country. We would also like
to set up a national research centre for cyber forensics in
the country, for which we would like to work together with
Nasscom."
PTI

------------------


He gave away NASSCOM Global Leadership Awards at a function here this evening.
"In 2009, there were 2,866 reported incidents of cyber crime in India. The US-based Internet Crime Control Centre has said that India ranks fifth in number of cyber crimes. Every year cyber crime in India is going up at the rate of 50 per cent. Over the last five years, around 9,000 Indian websites were hacked," Chidambaram said.
NASSCOM and Data Security Council of India (DSCI) had prepared a detailed project report to set up cyber forensic labs across the country, he said.
"The idea is to set up cyber crime police stations and cyber forensic labs all over the country. We would also like to set up a national research centre for cyber forensics in the country, for which we would like to work together with Nasscom."
PTI
 


------------------
     New Delhi: Its not just retailers and
hoteliers that are cashing in on the Valentine`s Day`s fever,
but also cyber criminals, who are looking at new ways to spam
netizens and steal personal information like credit card
details, warn experts.

     Be it offering great deals on flowers and dinners, or
dating sites offering opportunity to meet singles,
cyber criminals are actively looking at luring net surfers into
divulging personal information and extracting money.
     "We always warn people that if there is a deal, which is
too good to be true, maybe it isn`t. There is always an
increased activity around holidays and such events.
Valentine`s Day is one of these days, when people receive spam
mails offering great deals of food, flowers, chocolates,
gifts, etc," McAfee Product Manager Vinoo Thomas said.
     It is these deals that the user needs to be careful
about, he added.
     The user receives a spam mail offering a deal, which when
clicked upon, directs the user to a malicious website.
     "Not only does the person not get the product/service,
their personal details like credit card information is also
leaked," he said.
     The week from February 7 to 14 is celebrated as
Valentine`s Week and terms like `Propose Day`, `Chocolate day`
and `Rose Day` are most searched words online.
     According to a report, the search word `Valentine`
started off only as a 20 per cent interest on February 3 in
India which jumped to 100 per cent on February 7.
     "This shows how people today are actively using Internet
to search for Valentine`s Day related information and that
makes it a lucrative case for cybercriminals," Thomas said.
     Another activity seen, especially during Valentine`s Day
is creation of fake profiles and malicious dating sites.
     "These sites offer people a chance to go on a date. There
is a large number of people who actually fall prey to sending
money to these people without realising that its actually a
scam," he said.
     He added that educating people becomes important as new
users are coming to the online world each day and they do not
realise that such "deals" are not real.
Also, with real discounts on online shopping websites and social networking websites introducing contests and other attractions for the day doing the rounds, people need to be more careful in separating between the scam and the real deal.
     "It is advised that users inspect such links closely. It
is typical for spammers to use prominent events/brands such as Reader`s Digest, or enticing contests to cloak their malicious schemes," Suchita Vishnoi, Head - Marketing, Trend Micro (India & SAARC) said.
     Users should first verify with trusted sources about the existence of these promos to avoid becoming victims of such ruse.

     Contacting the organisation purportedly behind the
message by other means such as actual on-site visitation or a
call on their hotline should also work as a way to verify if
the message itself is in fact true, Vishnoi said. 
PTI

------------------
Hyderabad: In order to upgrade the skills of its personnel dealing with cyber crime, the Andhra Pradesh police have proposed to establish cyber labs in Hyderabad and Cyberabad Commissionerates with the support of Ministry of Home Affairs (MHA).
Currently, one cyber lab is being operated at the CID here. Now, proposals have been sent to the MHA to establish two additional cyber labs in Hyderabad and Cyberabad commissionerates, Superintendent of Police (Cyber Crimes) U Ramamohan said.

"The proposed cyber labs will be added to the existing cyber police stations in Hyderabad and Cyberabad. Proposals have been sent to the MHA and we are awaiting their nod, which is likely to happen soon," Ramamohan said.
The objective is to provide technical inputs and support to tackle cyber crime and impart training to police, judiciary and finance sector personnel, who handle cyber offences and modules, he explained.
Further, to cope with the increasing incidence of cyber offences that saw registration of 74 cases in 2011 up from 54 cases in 2010 at the Cyber Cell of Crime Investigation Department (CID) alone, four more Cyber Crime Police Stations have been planned in the state, a senior police official said.
These cyber police stations will come up at Visakhapatnam, Vijayawada, Warangal and Tirupati by the year end, so that victims need not come all the way to Hyderabad to lodge cyber crime complaints, the CID official said.
The Cyber Crime police station under Hyderabad Commissionerate recorded 74 cases of different cyber offences till November last, as compared to 63 in 2010, and at Cyberabad Commissionerate there were 41 cases, as compared to the 20 during the same period in the previous year.

Similarly, the cyber crime unit in Visakhapatnam registered 110 cyber crime cases, up from 31, while 53 cases were registered against 29 in 2010 at different cyber units across the state.
PTI

------------------
 London: In a shocker, nearly 350 criminals in
British jails have been found using Facebook with some of them
taunting victims and threatening to seek revenge.

 All the profiles were closed by Facebook following
investigations by prison officials.
 In the past two years, nearly 350 people have been caught
posting entries on Facebook while serving a sentence, UK
Ministry of Justice figures show.
 Violent criminals have been using Facebook to taunt
victims and their families from jail, it was disclosed
yesterday, the newspaper reported.
 It is likely that hundreds more have successfully used the
site without authorities being made aware. Inmates are banned
from using the internet but access the web through mobile
phones smuggled into jails.
 Two years ago it emerged that Colin Gunn, one of Britain`s
most dangerous gangsters was using Facebook to threaten his
enemies from a high security prison cell.
 "I will be home one day and I can`t wait to look into
certain people`s eyes and see the fear of me being there.
 "It`s good to have an outlet to let you know how I am,
some of you will be in for a good slagging and some have let
me down badly and will be named and shamed....," Gunn had
posted.
 The 44-year-old was jailed in 2006 for the revenge
killings of John and Joan Stirland.
 Recently a teenager who killed a shopkeeper posted a
series of pictures on Facebook showing him making gangster
salutes.

 "If something is happening which violates our use policy
we will be very active and robust in removing it," a Facebook
spokesman said.
 PTI

------------------
 Dinesh Sharma

New Delhi: In what could be seen as an important move, the Ministry of Home Affairs has sent an advisory to all state governments for prevention and combating crime against children as far as cyber crime is concerned, according to sources.  

As per sources, in a detailed advisory sent to states, MHA directive says that parents, teachers and owners should monitor and regulate social networking sites and services because it has seen that it hosts most of the obscene materials
which induce children to sexually explicit act and other crimes.
The advisory categorically says that websites hosting online gaming or children centric content must issue specific guidelines regarding internet safety.

------------------


RBI in a statement advised "members of public to immediately register a complaint with the local police/cyber crime authorities when they receive fictitious offers of money from abroad or if they are victims of such offers.
It has also placed, on its website, the list of such nodal agencies with whom the public can register complaints, the statement said.
The Reserve Bank has, it said, "on several occasions in the past, cautioned the members of public against falling prey to fictitious offers/lottery innings/remittance of cheap funds in foreign currency from abroad by so-called foreign entities/ individuals or to Indian residents acting as representatives of such entities/individuals."
Members of public have also been cautioned against making any remittance towards participation in such schemes or offers from unknown entities since such remittances are illegal and any resident in India collecting and remitting such payments directly or indirectly outside India is liable to be proceeded against for contravention of the Foreign Exchange Management Act, 1999.
They are also liable for violation of regulations relating to Know Your Customer (KYC) norms and Anti Money Laundering (AML) standards, it said.
The Reserve Bank has further stated that it does not undertake any type of money arrangement, by whatever name called, and it does not take any responsibility for recovering money remitted in response to such bogus communication, it said. 
PTI

------------------
New Delhi: The Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) would be collaborating with Interpol to fight telecom and cyber crimes, the heads of the two organisations said Friday.

Interpol Secretary General Ronald K. Noble and CBI director A.P. Singh in a joint press conference announced that the two bodies were working on establishing institutional mechanism for tackling telecom and cyber crimes. 
"This will involve partnership between the CBI, research and academic bodies, private sector and Interpol," Singh said.
The CBI chief said that during Noble`s discussion with CBI officials, "we have broadly agreed that a CBI-Interpol Research and Innovation Centre for Prevention of Telecommunication Crime would be established in India".
The proposed centre would also invite participation of telecommunication crime investigators, researchers and experts from other Interpol member countries, he said.
Noble said that such type of collaboration was needed because the "problem is that most countries don`t have means" to analyse data and telecom devices that are increasing exponentially in numbers.
"This partnership would help bring to the table problems, solutions, best practices from all around the world," he said.
Singh said the initiative would make the CBI a global hub for research and innovation to effectively tackle telecom cyber crime.
He said the present procedure to get information and evidence with regard to IP addresses and subscribers details from different jurisdictions was cumbersome, wherein most of the countries insist on sending a formal Letter Rogatory under Mutual Legal Assistance Treaties. 

"This often leads to loss of evidence. It was agreed that we need a mechanism, whereby IT (Information Technology) intermediaries across the globe can be linked to a single interface for law enforcement agencies. It was agreed that Interpol is the agency best equipped to execute this project," he said.
IANS

------------------
New Delhi: The government on Friday said 386 `phishing` incidents were reported to the Indian Computer Emergency Response Team (CERT-In) between January and October this year.
"There have been incidents reported to CERT-In by law enforcement agencies on the hacking of email accounts and posting of objectionable content, including videos, on the internet, especially on social networking websites, damaging
the reputation of individuals," Minister of State for Communications and IT Sachin Pilot said in a written reply to the Rajya Sabha.

The term, `phishing`, is used to describe attempts to acquire information like user names, passwords and credit card details by posing as a trustworthy entity in an electronic communication.
Communications from popular social web sites, auction sites, online payment processors or IT administrators are commonly used to lure the unsuspecting public.
Phishing is typically carried out by e-mail spoofing or instant messaging and it often directs users to enter details on a fake website that looks almost identical to the
legitimate one.
A large number of phishing incidents leading to hacking of bank accounts have also been reported to CERT-In by banks and financial institutions, Pilot said.
"A total of 508 and 386 phishing incidents have been reported to CERT-In in the year 2010 and during January-October, 2011,  respectively," Pilot said.
He said the IT Act, 2000, has already been amended by the IT (Amendment) Act, 2008, to provide a legal framework to address prevalent cyber crimes.
"Sections 66, 66A, 66B, 66C, 66E, 66F, 67, 67A and 67B provide stringent punishment ranging from imprisonment of three years to life imprisonment and fine for various acts of cyber crime, including tampering with computer source
documents, hacking of computers and publishing of obscene information," he said.

Pilot added that the IT Act, 2000, is a comprehensive Act to provide a legal framework for electronic commerce and to
enable e-governance. 
PTI

------------------
Zeenews Bureau

Ahmedabad: Suspended IPS officer Sanjeev Bhatt was on Friday arrested in connection with an FIR filed against him by a police constable for allegedly threatening and making him sign a "false" affidavit about a high-level
meeting called by Gujarat Chief Minister Narendra Modi on February 27, 2002.
 "Bhatt has been brought in for questioning with regard to the FIR against him in the Ghatlodia police station," Gujarat DGP Chitranjan Singh.
"His statement will be recorded," he said.
Shortly after Bhatts arrest, the Gujarat police conducted a raid at his residence in Memnagar to "check for evidence" related to the case.
Bhatt has received a notice issued to Gujarat Police with regard to the case from the Supreme Court on his petition,
Singh added.
The suspended officer, who has alleged Modi`s complicity in post-Godhra riots, was taken to the Ghatlodia
police station by ACP N C Patel, police said.
Constable K D Pant, who was working under Bhatt during 2002 riots, had registered the FIR accusing Bhatt of
threatening a public servant (Pant), fabricating false evidence and wrongful confinement.
According to Pant`s FIR, on June 16 he got a call from Bhatt asking him to come to his residence for some work.
As per the FIR, when Pant reached Bhatt`s residence, the IPS officer told him that the amicus curie from the Supreme Court was coming on June 18 and they had to meet him to record
a statement.
Pant alleged Bhatt had asked him to tell the amicus curie that SIT had forcefully recorded his statement. When he resisted, Bhatt allegedly threatened him and said there was no
need to worry if he did what he was told.
The police constable further claimed that Bhatt took him to meet state Congress president Arjun Modhwadia at his residence. Modhwadia too assured him that there was no need to
worry and he should do what Bhatt was asking to do, he added.
After meeting Modhwadia, Bhatt took Pant to the office of
an advocate and notary near the Gujarat High Court and made
him sign two sets of affidavits, the FIR states.
Bhatt in his affidavit filed in the Supreme Court, where
he had alleged complicity of Modi in post-Godhra riots, had
stated that Pant who knew about Modi`s meeting was threatened
with dire consequences and arrested by the special
investigation team (SIT) which is probing some of the 2002
riot cases on the direction of the apex court.

He had also alleged Pant was virtually treated like an
accused by the SIT during his questioning on April 5, 2011.
Several activists have slammed the Narendra Modi government over the arrest of Sanjeev Bhatt in connection with an FIR filed by a police constable.

------------------
Bangalore: President Pratibha Devisingh Patil has called for upgradation of skills to combat new challenges like cyber crime and hacking.

Speaking at the golden jubilee function of Karnataka State Bar Council here, Patil said: Technology has thrown up issues which were unheard of a few years ago, like cyber crime and hacking. How to deal with these will require new thinking and new knowledge.
In this background, the one aspect that stands out is the need for constant upgradation of skills. This could be done through training on issues such as cyber laws, environmental laws, intellectual property rights and the need for gender sensitivity, she said.
I therefore, call on our lawyers and our judges, to focus on preparing themselves for future challenges. I am informed that the Karnataka State Bar Council has been conducting training camps for advocates, with senior advocates and jurists being the resource persons. I appreciate these efforts and these must continue vigorously, she added.
She also appealed for securing access to justice for all
"Court fees and higher fees of lawyers make legal services unaffordable task for many. These aspects need consideration. Affordable legal services which are delivered in a specified time frame will make legal recourse of practical and functional option," added Patil.
Patil also asked the Karnataka State Bar Council members to support for poor and vulnerable by taking out some time for them.
I like to encourage the community of lawyers of the Karnataka State Bar Association, to devote some of their time and energy, to secure legal services for people who are vulnerable and poor, she said.
We should also move forward decisively to establish Gram Nyayalayas at the grass roots level, as provided for in the Gram Nyayalayas Act, 2008. This would provide access to justice at their doorsteps, and address many difficulties of our rural population in particular commuting to and from courts, she added.
She further lauded Bangalore`s contribution as an information and technology hub in the country.

"We are living in an era of globalisation and information technology. Globalisation has resulted in a greater movement of people, businesses and technology across borders. This means having a deep understanding about these issues. Bangalore being one of the Information Technology hubs, not only of the country will be well aware of the impacts of these flaws," said Patil. 
ANI

------------------
Boston: Japan`s Sega Corp joined the rapidly growing club of video game companies whose computer systems have been hacked by cyber criminals, the company said on Friday.

The news capped a week in which the Lulz Security group of hackers launched a cyber crime spree against other video game companies.
In an unexpected twist, Lulz responded to the news of the attack on Sega by offering to track down and punish the hackers who attacked the Japanese maker of video game software.
The drama surrounding the recent round of video game breaches paled compared to what PlayStation maker Sony Corp experienced following two high-profile attacks that surfaced in April. Those breaches led to the theft of account data for more than 100 million customers, making it the largest ever hacking of data outside the financial services industry.
They also exposed what turned out to be a large number of security holes in sites throughout the global Sony media empire. That led to a rash of attacks on Sony systems that undermined confidence in the company and made it the source of frequent jokes by security experts. Its security staff scrambled to repair vulnerabilities in its network as independent experts identified new problems via remote scans and disclosed them to Sony and the public.
Sega said that some personal information about an unspecified number of Sega Pass online network members had been compromised in the attack, according to a letter the company sent to customers on Friday that was published on the PlayStation LifeStyle.net website.
Customer email addresses and birthdates, which can be read in plain text were taken, as were passwords, which could not be read in plain text because they had been scrambled or encrypted using security software before being stored in the database.
Sega shut down the Pass network on Thursday, the day it learned of the breach, telling customers in a note on its website that it was "undergoing improvements." It was not immediately clear when it would go back online.
The video game developer is a division of Japan`s Sega Sammy Holdings, which makes game software such as Sonic the Hedgehog as well as slot machines.
Sega was one of the biggest video game consoles makers in the 1990s, but pulled out of the market in 2001 in response to disappointing sales of its Dreamcast system, which had debuted in 1998 to widespread industry praise. Dreamcast lost ground to newer products developed by Sony and Nintendo.
It now focuses on developing video games for systems made by other companies.
LULZ GETS INVOLVED
While the FBI is likely to be called in to investigate the attack on Sega, as the bureau typically is in such cases, its agents may find themselves competing for clues with members of Lulz Security hacking group.
In its offer to assist Sega, the Tweet from Lulz hinted that its leaders might count themselves among a small but highly loyal group of gamers who still play on the aging Dreamcast console.
"Sega - contact us," Lulz said in its Tweet to the video game developer. "We want to help you destroy the hackers that attacked you. We love the Dreamcast, these people are going down."
Lulz offered to see that the cyber criminals are punished for attacking Sega shortly after ending its own crime spree that included attacks on several other video game companies.
The Lulz hackers, who publicize their attacks on their own website and via Twitter, said on Friday that they had stolen customer records of some 200,000 users of the online video game Brink. Officials at Xenia Media, the developer of Brink, could not be reached for comment.
Lulz last week also attacked several other industry players, saying it was working on behalf of disgruntled players who had ordered the attacks via telephone hotlines that Lulz set up in the United States and Europe to solicit such requests.
Tribalware.net and EVE from Innogames were among the victims of the Lulz campaign against video game makers. The hacking group also attacked servers that help run two other online games -- "League of Legends" and "Minecraft" -- and it hit the The Escapist website, which provides video game news.
Lulz had hacked into Nintendo in an attack that it disclosed on June 3, but the incident has not appeared to have serious consequences for the company. The hacking group published a data file over the Internet that it said contained details on the way Nintendo set up one of its web servers.

Such data could be valuable to other hackers planning future attacks on Nintendo because the data potentially could leave clues as to possible security weaknesses in the game maker`s network.
Bureau Report

------------------
Washington: A group of hackers, who had
earlier attacked the US Senate`s portal, have now claimed that
they have breached into the CIA`s website.

 The website of the Central Intelligence Agency (CIA)
faced problems in loading allegedly due to the breach.
The hacker group LulZSec tweeted yesterday "Tango down
- cia.", claiming that they were behind the cyber attack.
 "Shortly after LulzSec sent the message on Twitter,
the CIA`s website was unable to load in multiple attempts on
multiple browsers," a newspaper reported.
 "We are looking into these reports," CIA spokesperson
Marie E Harf said.	

 Earlier in the week, the same group claimed to have
hacked the website of the US Senate. 
PTI

------------------
Washington: A shadowy group of hackers behind a string of recent cyber attacks claimed to have breached the US Senate website and taken internal data.

The Senate Sergeant at Arms, which is responsible for congressional security, confirmed there had been an intrusion into the server hosting the public website, Senate.gov, but said no sensitive information was compromised.
The hacker group, which goes by the name of "Lulz Security," published files online at lulzsecurity.com said to have been swiped from Senate.gov.
"This is a small, just-for-kicks release of some internal data from Senate.gov -- is this an act of war, gentlemen?" Lulz Security said in a statement.
"We don`t like the US government very much," the group added. "Their sites aren`t very secure."
The Sergeant at Arms said Senate computer security staff had discovered an "unauthorized access" over the weekend into the server hosting Senate.gov.
"The intruder did not gain access into the Senate computer network and was only able to read and determine the directory structure of the files placed on Senate.gov," the Sergeant at Arms said in a statement.
"That server is for public access on the public side of the Senate`s network firewall, and any files that individual Senate offices place there are intended for public consumption," it said.
The Sergeant at Arms said the intruders took advantage of vulnerability in a portion of the website that is maintained by an individual Senate office.
"Although this intrusion is inconvenient, it does not compromise the security of the Senate`s network, its members or staff," the Sergeant at Arms said.
"Specifically, there is no individual user account information on the server supporting Senate.gov that could have been compromised," it said.
The Sergeant at Arms said it would be conducting a security review of all of the sites hosted on Senate.gov.
Lulz Security, whose name is derived from the text-messaging shorthand phrase LOL, or "laugh out loud," has claimed credit for a series of cyber attacks in recent weeks.

The targets have included Sony`s online operations, an FBI partner website, the website of videogame developer Bethesda Softworks and the website of the US non-profit Public Broadcasting Service.
Bureau Report 

------------------
Washington: Computer hackers have an ability to cause chaos by using personal data that they have stolen. But the theft can be prevented if people are careful with their information.

Personal finance expert Carmen Wong Ulrich shared advice during a talk show on how to protect personal information and what to do when hackers get their hands on it.
The first line of defense is always your passwords, and the information on your computer, Ulrich was quoted as saying.
Make sure you go right to your computer, change your log-in information and password information on everything from your credit card accounts to where you shop through retailers and your email, as well because, as we saw -- Google and Yahoo - the hackers are coming in from everywhere, she said.
Ulrich, author of The Real Cost of Living, said almost three-quarters of us use the same password on several accounts.
Please stop doing that! Protect the banking part as much as you can, because the hackers will come in from the company side. But theyre coming in on your side, too, she implored.
Also, use one computer, if you can, to do your banking. I know its hard (with everyone using so many different devices). Try to do it all on one computer. That limits exposure.
And, never, ever do banking or do transactions online on an open Wi-Fi. Its very tempting because its so easy. You could be sitting in a coffee shop or the airport or wherever you are. Squatters will sit there and scour that Wi-Fi. So definitely dont do that.
And dont use your debit card online. This runs counter (to conventional wisdom), because credit cards, people say, are bad. But a credit card protects you and your cash.

Of course, theres (a) liability (limit) with your debit card. But who wants their accounts emptied of cash? Instead, use your credit card online, so at least you dont expose yourself, cash-wise, she stated. 
ANI

------------------
Washington: The International Monetary Fund, the intergovernmental group that oversees the global financial system and brings together 187 member nations, has become the latest known target of a significant cyber attack on its computer systems. 

A cyber security expert, who has worked for both the Washington-headquartered IMF and the World Bank, its sister institution, said the intruders` goal had been to install software that would give a nation state a "digital insider presence" on the IMF network.
Such a presence could yield a trove of non-public economic data used by the Fund to promote exchange rate stability, support balanced international trade and provide resources to remedy members` balance-of-payments crises.
"It was a targeted attack," said Tom Kellerman, who has worked for both international financial institutions and who serves on the board of a group known as the International Cyber Security Protection Alliance.
The code used in the IMF incident "was developed and released for this purpose," said Kellerman, formerly responsible for cyber-intelligence within the World Bank`s treasury team and now chief technology officer at AirPatrol, a cyber consultancy.
The attack on the IMF was the latest to become known in a rash of cyber break-ins that have targeted high-profile companies and institutions, often to steal secrets with potentially far-reaching economic implications.
IMF spokesman David Hawley said Saturday the Fund was "fully functional," despite the attack.
"I can confirm that we are investigating an incident," he said, adding that he was not in a position to elaborate on the extent of it. He declined to respond to requests for comment on Kellerman`s conclusion about the intruders` goal.
The US Federal Bureau of Investigation has joined an investigation of the attack on the IMF, a US Defense Department spokeswoman, Lieutenant Colonel April Cunningham of the Air Force, said in an email to Reuters Saturday night.
Foreign Government Connection
Bloomberg News reported the IMF`s computer system was attacked by intruders "believed to be connected to a foreign government, resulting in the loss of e-mails and other documents."
The attack occurred before the May 14 arrest of former IMF Managing Director Dominique Strauss-Kahn on sexual assault charges, Bloomberg said. It did not identify a suspect government. Cyber security experts say it is very difficult to trace a sophisticated cyber break-in to its ultimate source.
A World Bank official said the Bank had cut its network connection with the IMF out of "caution" even though the information shared on that link was "non sensitive."
Rich Mills, a Bank spokesman, said "the World Bank Group, like any other large organization, is increasingly aware of potential threats to the security of our information system and we are constantly working to improve our defenses."
The IMF is helping deal with a European debt crisis that has led to rescue loans for Ireland, Greece and Portugal. Such bailouts often entail economic hardships.
The New York Times cited computer experts as saying the IMF had been hit during the last several months by a large and sophisticated cyber attack. The newspaper said the IMF`s board of directors was told on Wednesday about the attack.
Experts say cyber threats are increasing worldwide. CIA Director Leon Panetta told the US Congress this week the United States faces the "real possibility" of a crippling cyber attack.
"The next Pearl Harbor that we confront," he said, could be a cyber attack that "cripples our power systems, our grid, our security systems, our financial systems, our governmental systems."

"This is a real possibility in today`s world," Panetta told a June 9 confirmation hearing in his bid to become the next US defense secretary.
Bureau Report 

------------------
New Delhi: India along with the US and UK
accounted for 70 percent of the brands targeted by phishing
in April, says a global survey.

     RSA, the security division of EMC, in its May Fraud
Report said the US accounted for 42.5 percent of brands
targeted by phishing, followed by UK (19 percent) and India
(8 percent).
     Worldwide as many as 17,376 attacks were launched in
April, a fall of barely 1 per cent as compared to March and
the number of brands attacked also dropped by 12 percent.
     However, with nearly identical number of attacks and fall
in number of brands attacked, means that even though fewer
brands were attacked a larger portion of them suffered a
higher number of attacks compared to March.
     RSA said in April, 301 brands were targeted by phishing
attacks worldwide, out of which eight endured their first
phishing attack.
     According to RSA, the most common way fraudsters operate
is to use stolen credit cards to purchase airline tickets, an
industry which has lost nearly USD 1.4 billion in 2010 due to
online payment fraud.
     Another way that is generally used is to secure access to
consumers` loyalty and rewards program accounts and cash out
available points in exchange for travel vouchers.
     "RSA has witnessed multiple phishing attacks recently
targeting airline customers with the goal of obtaining their
login credentials in order to monetise their reward points,"
the report said.
     Vast amount of personal and financial data of airline as
well as hospitality industry customers are now being stored
online and cyber criminals are taking advantage of this to
exploit the industry and its customers, the report added.
     The US, UK, Germany and Canada hosted over 80 per cent of
all phishing attacks in April.
     "Since March, 2010, the countries that have consistently
hosted the highest portions of phishing attacks have been the
US, UK, Canada, Germany, France, Russia, and South Korea," the
report said, adding that over the past year, the US and UK
have absorbed a combined average of 65 per cent of the
attacks.

     Phishing is a way to acquire sensitive information like
usernames, passwords and credit card details by posing as a
trustworthy entity in an e-communication. 
PTI

------------------
Hyderabad: In order to impart advanced training to law enforcement agencies for investigating cyber crime, the prestigious Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel National
Police Academy here plans to establish a first-of-its kind Digital Crime Analysis Centre.

     "As part of providing advanced training to deal with
cyber offences, we intend to have our own centre at the
National Police Academy. The process has begun and we have
already drawn up a programme. A proposal will soon be
submitted to the Central Government," Academy Director Rajiv
Mathur told a news agency.
     A senior official at the police academy said the National
Digital Crime Resource and Training Centre would basically
fill the gaps in the field of Digital Crime.
     "The upcoming centre aims to provide training to police
and agencies like customs, revenue and other parts of criminal
justice system to deal with cyber crime. It would build their
capacity to fight cyber crime," the official said, adding that
once approved, the centre will be set up by the end of this
year.
     On the need for setting up such a centre, the official
said, "We need to arm our personnel with the knowledge and
skills to counter this kind of crime. We need to train our law
enforcement officers through top class training".
     The Academy, which offers in-service courses, would
provide advanced training in cyber crimes to IPS probationers
and different law enforcement agencies, he said.
     "There is a need to have proper investigation on cyber
crimes and this centre will provide expertise and training to
officials investigating cyber crimes," the official said.
     He said there was need for imparting uniform training for
all states` police as cyber offences happen anywhere.
     "At the proposed centre, the police academy also proposes
to have data on cyber offences as it is difficult to get
information on such crimes from police stations," he said.

     Through the centre, it is also proposed to create
awareness on cyber crimes among the public on how and where
they can report such cases, the official added. 
PTI

------------------
Allahabad: The Union Government has decided
to set up a state-of-the-art institute dedicated to churning
out professionals and developing technologies to tackle cyber
crime.

"The Union HRD Ministry recently took the decision to set
up a state-of-the-art Indian Institute of Information
Technology (IIIT), which would focus solely on strengthening
cyber laws, producing cyber professionals trained to develop
new software and technologies to fight the menace," Director
of the IIIT-Allahabad M D Tiwari told PTI here.
The decision was taken at a meeting held in New Delhi on
January 24, attended by directors of the four existing IIITs
of the country and HRD officials, Tiwari said.
"It was decided that the Institute would be built at a
cost of Rs 100 crore on a Public-Private-Partnership model
with IIIT-Allahabad playing the vital role of working out the
details of this institute and its concept," he said.
As per an estimate of the HRD Ministry, the country needs
2.5 lakh IT experts to tackle cyber crime, Tiwari said.
"Once the location for the new IIIT is finalised, the
industrial sector, the Centre and the concerned state
government are likely to share the expenses," he said.
"While the Union HRD Ministry will be providing Rs 50
crore, the state will bear expenses worth Rs 35 crore by
ensuring availability of land and other requisite facilities.
The Industry will chip in with the remaining Rs 15 crore," he
said.

He said IIIT-A was selected to play a vital role as it is
the only IIIT to have expertise in the field of cyber law and
even runs a postgraduate programme on the subject.
"The fact that we have a Rs seven crore IT Forensic Lab
and many researches in the field to our credit also went in
our favour," he said.
PTI

------------------
Bangalore: The latest threat to internet users from hackers is tool kits from malicious websites that attack computers with software programmes, says global security solutions provider Symantec Corporation. Its global intelligence network has detected 240,000 attack tool kits across 200 countries.

"Attack tool kits are software programmes that infect networked computers when unsuspecting users surf malicious websites created by cyber criminals," Symantec India vice-president Shantanu Ghosh said, citing a Symantec study.
The ease with which tool kits are accessible has drawn even traditional criminals without expertise into cybercrime, fuelling a self-sustaining, profitable and organised global economy, the study by the US-based company`s security technology and response unit pointed out.
"A techie who develops the kit customises the publicly available exploit code and incorporates it into the kit for setting up a malicious website, which attacks computers when viewed," Ghosh explained.
The Symantec global intelligence network, which identifies cyber threats, takes action and prevents impact, detected 240,000 attack tool kits across 200 countries worldwide in a recent survey.
"As cyber attacks have become more profitable, tool kits have become popular with newer versions. These kits are sold on a subscription-based model with updates and support services," Ghosh noted.
For instance, the most prevalent kit codenamed Zeus poses a serious threat to users as it steals bank account details in the absence of safeguards.
US cyber sleuths arrested a dozen cyber criminals in September 2010 for stealing about $70 million from online banking and trading accounts using a Zeus botnet.
"The speed at which new vulnerabilities and their exploits spread across the world has increased due to smart developers integrating the attack kits with products," Ghosh observed.
Tool kits account for about 60 percent of all threat activity on malicious websites and the attacks are set to go up as kits become robust and easier to use.
A single attack kit installed on a popular website can exploit a large number of users in a short time and proliferate rapidly to facilitate more page views, the study found.
"If hackers had to create threats from scratch in the past, attack tool kits have made it easy for even a malicious novice to launch a cyber attack," Ghosh said.
The study revealed that a whopping 310,000 unique domains (websites) were malicious, resulting in about 4.4 million malicious pages per month.
The other prevalent attack kits are MPack, Neosploit, Nukesploit P4ck and Phoenix. They attack the computers when unsuspecting viewers visit adult entertainment websites, which accounted for 44 percent of the search terms.
Accounting for 65 percent of advertised toolkits, Zeus was used to harvest 60 gigabytes (GB) of data from 55,000 compromised computers in August 2010.
Cyber criminals used the Zeus kit to steal $1 million from British accounts and $3 million from US bank accounts, the report highlighted.
"The remedy is to ensure all software is up-to-date with vendor patches. Asset and patch management solutions help to ensure systems are compliant by using anti-virus and intrusion prevention systems," the study suggested.
Admitting that cyber crime had emerged as a big business worldwide, Ghosh averred that the exponential growth of malicious codes clearly indicate that attackers were sophisticated and organised to optimise resources.
The unknown software developer profits by selling the tool kits and their users make money by stealing vital information online.

"Attack kits allow hackers to enter the market with sophisticated tools and easy to use icon-driven GUIs that include checkboxes and pull down menus," Ghosh added.
IANS 

------------------
Kathmandu: Some 300 internet cafes in Nepal have come under the police scanner after the introduction of a new regulation by the government to check cyber crimes.

Cyber users will now be required to show ID cards, register their names, address and telephone numbers in the cyber cafe as per the new regulation, chief of the Metropolitan Police Crime Division, SSP Rana Bahadur Chand said.
 There are around 1,200 cyber cafes in Kathmandu valley and we will gradually bring all under the new law, he informed.
 As the use of internet is growing day by day among the people in the urban areas, cyber crime has also increased manyfold, he pointed out.
As per the instruction of the government, MPCD has initiated steps to bring the cyber cafes, which are being operated in Kathmandu valley, under its scanner, he said.
The cafes will now have to provide details to the police whenever demanded, he added.
Every month some 8-10 cyber-related cases are being registered with the police, he revealed.
People complain about different kinds of cyber crimes such as e-mail threats, stealing of email-id and passwords, hacking of e-mails and misuse of pictures posted in social
networking sites such as facebook, he pointed out.
Attaching nude pictures of girls to another woman`s face has become common phenomenon these days, he added.
Mostly businessmen, people with higher social status, school girls, and young boys and girls have been victimised by the cyber criminals these days, the senior police official
said.
A Cyber Crime Unit has been established under Kathmandu Metropolitan Police Circle since last year, he said, adding, the unit headed by Chandra Singh Dhami has 15 full
time engineers and some 8-10 people from outside are being  hired on part time basis, he said.

This is a kind of public-police partnership, Chand added. Following the instruction of the Home Ministry, the MPCD had recently held a meeting with Nepal Telecom to work
out the plans to tackle cyber crimes, he informed. 
PTI

------------------
Beijing: China has arrested more than 460 hackers from start of this year to the end of November, but the prospects to prevent future assaults on computer security remain grim, the ministry of public security said.

The announcement, made late on Monday, came a day after a series of leaked U.S. State Department cables, including one in which an unnamed Chinese contact alleged that China`s Politburo directed an intrusion into Google`s computer systems, part of a broader coordinated campaign of computer sabotage carried out by Chinese government operatives, private security experts and Internet outlaws.
"The current situation of our crackdown on hacker attacks is still very grim and the number of hacker attacks and sabotage activities in China are still high," an unnamed official said in the statement.
The ministry said it had solved 180 cyber attack cases as of the end of November.

A China foreign ministry official, who declined on Tuesday to comment on the Wikileaks` disclosure of the allegations, called on the United States to "appropriately resolve related issues" concerning the reports. The official did not elaborate.
In early February, China announced that it has closed what it claims to be the largest hacker training website in the country and arrested three of its members, one month after Google Inc threatened to quit the country after a serious hacking attempt originating from China.
China has said repeatedly that it does not condone hacking, which remains a popular hobby in the country with numerous websites offering cheap courses to learn the basics.
Bureau Report

------------------
New Delhi: With cyber war topping the list
of threats being faced by India`s IT industry and government,
CBI Monday signed an agreement with industry body Nasscom for
sharing of expertise to contain the menace of cyber crime,
generally being perpetrated from outside the country.

     As part of the agreement, Nasscom and Data Security
Council of India (DSCI) will act as knowledge partners for the
CBI in the area of cyber security.
"Cyber security is emerging as a major corporate and
government concern worldwide. This partnership will enable
Nasscom to play the role of a facilitator and bring the latest
technological developments to the CBI," National Association
of Software and Services Companies (Nasscom) President Som
Mittal told reporters here.
     CBI Director Ashwani Kumar said, "it is feared that enemy
countries are now focusing on waging a low cost and low
investment war which can be highly damaging. A cyber war
targeting the economy and services of the country is a
possibility instead of a conventional war."
Kumar said that cyber crime had become a major threat to
security and economy at international level. "New types of
cyber crimes are surfacing and new modus operandi are coming
to notice each day. The concern increases even more as even
traditional and conventional crimes now have a cyber angle.
     "The use of modern technology has resulted in traditional
crime becoming global. This has made the task of investigation
more difficult and complex. There are several examples of
kidnapping, terrorist attacks, economic crimes, bank frauds
and financial scams being committed with the help of
computers," he said.
      The CBI Director, while stressing on the need to solve
the cyber crime cases, said "cyber crime detection and
investigation are crucial to both the government and private
sector due to its implications for security and economy. The
government and law enforcement agencies on the one hand and
the private sector led by the IT companies on the other can
come together and forge a collaboration to fight this threat."
     The CBI had created the Cyber Investigation Cell (CIC)
for investigating computer crime, crimes committed in
computerised environment and other hi-tech crime in areas like
telecom in August 1999.
     The various types of offences being investigated by the
CIC include website defacement, phishing attacks, pornography,
credit card frauds and other economic offences using computer
as a medium and counterfeiting of software.

      Asked about the areas of coordination, Mittal said,
"Though the specific areas are being worked out, Nasscom will
regularly impart training through workshops and events. We
could also provide our expertise on specific cases if that is
required."
 PTI

------------------
Washington: A malicious computer attack that appears to target Iran`s nuclear plants can be modified to wreak havoc on industrial control systems around the world, affecting the production of everything from chemicals to baby formula, government officials and cyber experts warned on Thursday.

Experts told senators that attackers can use information made public about the so-called Stuxnet virus to develop variations targeting other industries, and that the worm`s consequences go "beyond any threat we have seen."
The code has attacked industrial sites in Iran and several other countries, and infected several employees` laptops at the Bushehr nuclear plans.
Iran has said it believes Stuxnet is part of a Western plot to sabotage its nuclear programme, but experts see few signs of major damage at Iranian facilities.
Specific industrial control systems using Windows software are vulnerable to the code. These are used in many critical sectors, from automobile assembly to mixing products such as chemicals and baby formula, Sean McGurk, acting director of Homeland Security`s national cyber security operations centre, told the Senate Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs Committee.
"This code can automatically enter a system, steal the formula for the product you are manufacturing, alter the ingredients being mixed in your product and indicate to the operator and your antivirus software that everything is functioning as expected," McGurk testified at a cyber security hearing.
Dean Turner, director of the Global Intelligence Network at Symantec Corp, told the panel that the worm showed that such attacks were possible. The "real-world implications of Stuxnet are beyond any threat we have seen in the past," he said.
But Turner added that the code`s highly sophisticated structure and techniques also could mean that it is a one-in-a-decade occurrence.

The virus is so complex and costly to develop "that a select few attackers would be capable of producing a similar threat," he said. "We would not expect masses of threats of similar sophistication to suddenly appear."
PTI

------------------
 New Delhi: The BJP Tuesday charged Congress
with indulging in "cyber crime" over the issue of "theft" of its online identity and demanded a reply to the legal notice issued to the party more than a week ago.

     "The Bharatiya Janata Party suspects that the Congress
party has covertly negotiated with a cyber squatter and used
his site bjp.com to first spread malicious content affecting
the BJP.
     "In the recent past they have used this squatter`s site
(bjp.com) to redirect it to the AICC. The identity of the
owner of this site has been kept masked all the while. These
are not steps taken unknowingly. This matter relates to what
is known as cyber crime," BJP spokesperson Nirmala Sitharaman
said here.
     Cybersquatting (also known as domain squatting) is
registering, trafficking in, or using a domain name with bad
faith intent to profit from the goodwill of a trademark
belonging to someone else.
     Claiming that she had adequate proof of the allegations
made two days ago that Congress was indulging in "petty,
pickpocket-like theft" of its online identity, Sitharaman
said, "Barely few hours after we went public with this online
identity theft, the website was inaccessible.
     "We tracked an answering machine linked with this site
and it kept leading us to a website `namecheap.com. Strangely,
on Monday the website bjp.com was back on the internet but had
information unrelated to the party`s activities".
     Sitaraman had earlier said the bjp.com website`s owner
details were provided as Bharat Journals and Publications and
some telephone numbers in the US had been provided. When
contacted, the US phones were connected to answering machines,
with nobody responding to the calls.

     She today also attacked the Congress for trashing BJP`s
allegations as "frivolous" and questioned the rival party`s claim that it was yet to receive a legal notice.
    "The India Post website is testimony to the fact that the
legal notice was delivered to the Congress party. It is
strange they claim they have not received it. And, if they
have not received it, then how can they call the allegation
frivolous," the BJP spokesperson said.
     She demanded a "studied response" from the Congress to
the legal notice sent nine days ago and said the party would
consider approaching the police based on the reply
PTI

------------------
Guwahati: Cyber crime is the latest threat to India`s security with those inimical to its interests hiring experts to spy on companies and vital networks, says famous ethical hacker Sunny Vaghela. 

"There has been an increase of 200 percent in cyber crime cases in India in the last three years and that is an alarming trend," said Ahmedabad-based Vaghela, director of TechDefence Pvt. Ltd, a reputed cyber crime security consultant. 
"The new tactics are more towards data theft like espionage on some other companies, working for some foreign intelligence agencies sitting in India, SMS and mobile call forging," Vaghela said. 
Vaghela was in Guwahati for a demonstration on cyber crime security measures at the Indian Institute of Technology (IIT). 
At the age of 18, Vaghela found loopholes like "Session Hijacking" & "Cross Site Scripting" in popular social networking website orkut.com. 
Today, at 23, he has solved more than 16 cases in association with the Ahmedabad police`s crime branch, tracing out the origin of a terror e-mail relating to the Ahmedabad serial explosions, and helped Mumbai Police get information on Jamat-ud-Dawah post-26/11. 
"Take the Ahmedabad serial explosions and the threat mail where a Yahoo engineer was involved. Big names and people are today indulging in cyber crimes with people from abroad outsourcing Indians spying on Indian networks," Vaghela said.
"Cyber crime today is not restricted to just hacking and goes much beyond to data theft, to social network and credit card fraud, SMS and mobile hacking as well." 
Vaghela said the biggest worry is that officials of Indian investigating agencies are not competent enough to deal with techno crimes. 
"Investigating agencies are still lagging behind in terms of technologies or techniques to actually tackle cyber crimes. Not even two percent of the officials know what is Voice over Internet Protocol (VoIP), its use or how to take precautions," Vaghela said. 
He said the hacking of mobile numbers and for making calls and sending SMS is another area of concern. 
"Anyone can use or misuse a mobile number to send SMS or make a call. This technology was misused in the 26/11 bombings. But all the servers and the infrastructure required to commit this cyber crime is not available in India," he said. 
"The Indian IT law is not defined to tackle such crimes using mobile phones and that is dangerous." 
Vaghela said social networking sites are not at all safe and hackers exploit and misuse vital information from such sites for indulging in crime. 

"Social networking sites are not at all safe. People are revealing lots and hackers use and misuse such information from such sites," he said. 
IANS

------------------
Madrid: Three Spanish nationals ran a network of more than 13 million "zombie computers" that accessed the bank-account information of upwards of 800,000 people, authorities here said.

Zombie computers are virus-infected PCs hijacked by hackers to steal data, conduct illegal transactions or carry out coordinated attacks on institutional websites and servers. 
The "Mariposa" network, which was dismantled by Spain`s Guardia Civil national police in collaboration with the Federal Bureau of Investigation, penetrated the computer systems of 500 companies, including more than 40 major banks, Spanish cybercrime unit chief Juan Salom told a press conference in Madrid Wednesday. 
The three suspects arrested Tuesday in Spain were released on bail pending trial. 
Ranging in age from 25 to 31, the suspects apparently earned a comfortable living from renting out the zombie network to other computer pirates, Spanish authorities said. 
They said the suspects, who adopted the online aliases "Netkario", "OsTiaToR" and "Johnyloleante", created the network with a software programme they bought on the black market. 
Defence Intelligence, a private Canadian firm, detected the activity of the Mariposa network last May and alerted the FBI, which in turn notified the Guardia Civil that the illicit net appeared to be run from Spain. 
The Guardia Civil then launched a probe that led eventually to "Netkario". 
Last December, the FBI, Guardia Civil and information-security companies joined in an operation to dismantle the illicit network. 
Within days, however, the pirates regained control of some of the zombie computers and mounted a cyber-attack that crippled the servers of Defence Intelligence. 

In light of the potential for greater harm, the Guardia Civil referred the case to Spain`s National Court, which ordered the arrest of the three suspects. 
IANS

------------------
San Francisco: A Huffington Post spokesman says the left-leaning news and opinion Web site was not hacked when a Twitter social network feed emerged in its name and began issuing insults with a conservative bent.

Mario Ruiz tells The Associated Press in an e-mail Saturday that the account isn`t operated by The Huffington Post, but was set up to appear as though it was. He followed up later Saturday to say that Twitter had suspended the account.
Some Twitter subscribers earlier Saturday mistook the mimicked feed for The Huffington Post`s own commentary when they were alerted to it by other Twitter users. The feed included mostly unpublishable insults about political and media figures, including President Barack Obama and MSNBC commentator Keith Olbermann.

There also was an admonition to "Vote McCain" in 2012.
Bureau Report

------------------
   Chennai: Cybercriminals are targeting
customers accessing websites using Personal Digital Assistant
(PDA) or smart phones by tricking them into purchasing "rogue"
software.

    "With an increase in smart phones, the number of cyber
criminals targeting users has increased globally.They convince
users to download software, but many PDA phone or smart phone
users are not aware that it is false or rogue security
software,", Shantanu Ghosh, Vice-President (Engineering),
Veritas Software India, subsidiary of US based Symantec
Corporation, told PTI. 
     He quoted a study by Symantec Corporation during July
2008-June 2009 period, which said cybercriminals use various
online tactics enabling customers to purchase rogue security
software.
Shanthanu said cybercriminals could be sitting in some
remote destination and still access computers or smart phones
through the Internet to attract customers.
"It would create a false claim urging the user to follow a
link to scan their computer or get software to remove the
threat. But users will not know whether their computer or
phone has been affected," he said.
"Around 800 personal computers get accessed from remote
destinations every day in India," he said.
    Ghosh said the company has come out with security software
for mobile phones and computers and added that there was a
need to create more awareness among the public in this regard.
    He said many people have started using mobile phones for
financial transactions. "Usage of mobile banking facilities
has gone up these days and stealing vital details of customers
can also be done by cybercriminals".
 "On such occasions, usage of trusted security software,
either for a mobile phone or for a computer comes in handy and
people need to know that such facilities do exist", he said.

    To ensure that companies offer protected smart phones to
their employees, many enterprises now prefer genuine security
software so that the device or any vital information cannot be
accessed by cyber criminals, he said.
 Bureau Report

------------------
Tehran: Iranian police have set up a special unit to monitor Web sites and fight Internet crimes, in a possible attack on the opposition, which relies on that medium to broadcast its message, local newspapers reported Saturday.
Police Colonel Mehrdad Omidi, who heads the Internet crime unit, said the unit will fight "insults and the spreading of lies," terms widely used by the judiciary to describe opposition activities.

"Given the spread of Internet use, police must confront crimes taking place in the Web atmosphere," he said. "A special committee has been set up to monitor the Internet and deal with crimes ... such as fraud, ... insults and the spreading of lies."
Omidi specifically said the 12-member committee will intervene in "political matters on the Internet should there be an illegal act." The official said the unit will operate under the direction of the prosecution office.
Iranian authorities have banned most Web sites linked to Iran`s opposition or those containing articles supporting the reform movement. The opposition has continued to set up new Web site within days of the old ones being blocked.
The opposition has no access to state media and has been promoting its message largely through the Internet.
Iranian newspapers are warned by authorities from time to time not to publish articles in support of the opposition leaders.
Iran`s state radio and TV are directly controlled by Iran`s Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei, who strongly endorsed President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad`s re-election in June.
The opposition maintains the election was marred by fraud.

It was not immediately clear exactly how the new unit would carry out its surveillance.
Bureau Report

------------------
Bangalore: With more and more people going online and social networking becoming pervasive, cyber crime now generates more money than drug trafficking, says global cyber security solutions provider Symantec.
"Cyber crime has surpassed drug trafficking as a criminal money-maker. Every three seconds, an identity is stolen worldwide," Symantec consumer business unit vice-president for Asia-Pacific David Freer said. 

Cyber crime is perpetrated by hackers through a spate of attacks in the form of malware, spam, virus and bots when computers are connected to the Internet. 
Hackers use spyware, fake anti-virus applications, e-mail and phishing to trick netizens into parting with their personal data and even money. 
"Phony e-mails, fake websites and online advertisements trick netizens into divulging personal data such as social security and credit card numbers," Freer said at a demo of Symantec`s Norton anti-virus 2010 product here. 
The company`s latest Internet security product equips computers to fight cyber crime with new detection technology. 
Symantec`s data showed cyber criminals not only steal personal information such as identity, profile and credit card numbers but also sell it to the highest bidder on the online black market. 
During the beta testing of Norton 2010, Symantec detected and blocked a whopping 245 million attempted malicious code attacks every month the world over in 2008. 
"The increasing use of Internet and web for a plethora of services and applications has made computers vulnerable to malicious attacks," Freer said. 
Convergence of information and communication technologies (ICT), globalisation and exponential growth of information have enabled transacting goods and services in the form of e-commerce and mobile commerce. 
"The phenomenal growth of Internet traffic for mailing, surfing, browsing, social networking, buying or selling expose netizens to online thieves who will stop at nothing to steal anything, be it money, identity, signature and even names," Symantec marketing head in Asia-Pacific David Hall said. 
Though the USD 6.2-billion Symantec has been arming its customers and end-users with security solutions over the years, cyber criminals have been outsmarting them by hacking into computers to wreak havoc. 
Norton 2010 leverages a new model of security, code-named Quorum, to detect new malware and go beyond traditional signature and behaviour-based detection. 
Cyber criminals are furiously re-writing malware to stay undetected. But Quorum has been developed to track files, applications and attributes such as age, download source, digital signature and prevalence. 
"These attributes are combined using complex algorithms to determine a reputation. As a file is distributed across the Internet and these attributes change, Quorum updates the reputation of the file, which is significant when a file is new and likely to be a threat," Hall said. 
As the third largest cyber country in Asia after China and Japan, India may become a soft target for cyber crime unless the government, industry, enterprises and netizens jointly wage the war against the underworld economy. 
"Since cyber criminals destroy lives more than computers, we have raised the bar for Internet security and set a new standard for the industry. The new version empowers netizens to deny digital dangers for a safe online experience," Hall claimed. 

The Internet security version is priced at Rs 1,450 for a single licence and the anti-virus version is Rs 1,125 for a single user. 
IANS

------------------
Kolkata: The West Bengal government plans
to co-ordinate with universities to impart training to people
in tackling cyber crime.

"White collar cyber crime has to be dealt with
technically and legally. We are thinking of working with
universities so that we can provide the technical and legal
expertise to handle it," state Information Technology Minister
Debesh Das told a conference on eSecurity and Prevention of
Cyber Crime on Wednesday.
Principal Secretary (IT) said, "companies will have to
change their ideas about tackling cyber crime. Companies seek
the help of the police, but hardly come to us.
"We are trying to start a cyber education cell so that
people understand their primary responsibilities if they fall
prey to cyber crime."

The government was trying to tie with some major IT
players for providing security coverage to companies,
Siddharth said. 
Bureau Report

------------------
