
------------------
Jaipur: In a frightful incident, a woman in Rajasthan has alleged that she was tattooed with abuses on her forehead after being harassed, beaten up, and raped for not bringing enough dowry.

In her complaint, the woman, who is in her late 20s and a resident of Amber near here, alleged that abuses or expletives, including "mera baap chor hai" (my father is a thief), were tattooed on her body, including hands.
She also claimed to have been raped by her husband and his two brothers.

According to the Rajasthan Police, the victim was married to Jagannath in Reni village in Alwar district about two years back. She alleged that since her marriage in January last year, her husband and in-laws used to beat her up and demand dowry of Rs 51,000, but her family was not able to arrange the money.
"Trouble for my daughter started after six months she got married. She tried to tolerate it for some months. But when it became unbearable for her, she called me. After seeing her condition I was shocked to see that her in-laws had tattooed expletives or abuses on various parts of her body. I brought my daughter to my house and tried to rub tattoos from her body including her forehead," said her father Dinaram.
As of now, except for tattoo marks and a couple of words, not much is clear.

"We have registered a case against the in-laws of the woman and started investigations into the complaint," an official of Amber police station told news agencyIANS.
"As tattoos have now been removed except for marks, the words are not fully visible," the official said.

Expressing shock over the incident, Women and Child Development Minister Maneka Gandhi asked the National Commission for Women (NCW) to probe the matter.
"I am deeply shocked and pained over this incident. Have asked NCW to look into this matter immediately," the minister tweeted.

------------------
Faridabad : Harassed for dowry, a woman allegedly committed suicide by hanging herself here.

The body was recovered yesterday and a case of dowry death and abetment of suicide lodged against the in-laws, police said.
According to complainant Birju, the deceased's father and a resident of Ghazipur, his daughter Neeraj married Mukesh, a resident of Bhuapur Tigaon, on January 27, 2015.
Soon after marriage, her in-laws started harassing her for dowry. As a result, she left her in-laws' place and returned to her father's house, the complaint stated.
Birju had lodged a police complaint earlier in this regard following which the accused took his daughter back with an assurance that they would not harass her any further. But, her plight continued as usual, the complaint stated.

Unable to bear the torture, the woman ended her life.
Police have lodged a case against the deceased's husband Mukesh, his father Santraj, mother Kamlesh and brother Ramesh. Investigations are on.

------------------
Kolkata: In what may be called a shocking act of cruelty, a 21-year-old woman was allegedly burnt by her husband and in-laws in Old Malda police station area on Friday.

The report published in Indian Express said that Rehana Biwi's husband Azad Sheikh poured boiling water on her after she failed to get Rs 50,000 cash in dowry. The doctors treating her said that the victim has suffered at least 70 per cent burn injuries and is said to be in a critical state.
Her family has alleged that Rehana'shusband and in-laws had been torturing her for days over dowry and beat her regularly. According to one of her family members, they had given Rs 15,000, gold ornaments and other valuables to Rehana's in-laws but they started demanding more after the marriage.
On Friday, another altercation over dowry demand broke out between Rehana and Azad. In a fit of rage, he took a pot of boiling water and poured over her. She was rushed to a nearby hospital after neighbours heard her screaming in pain.
Rehana was married to Azad five years ago. They have two children.

Police have registered a complaint against her husband Azad, 34, and her in-laws.
(Inputs from Indian Express)

------------------
New Delhi: Delhi Chief Minister Arvind Kejriwal on Tuesday said his government will plan a campaign involving people to fight against the menace of foeticide and dowry.

We are very much concerned about safety of women in the national capital. We need to mitigate foeticide, dowry and spending in weddings. So, on the lines of the odd-even scheme, we will launch a campaign involving Delhiites to raise voice for women's safety and fight against foeticide and dowry, he said while speaking at a programme organised by the Delhi Commission for Women (DCW) on the occasion of International Women's Day.
Addressing the gathering, Kejriwal said women should be able to move around freely at any time of the day or night in the national capital.
The government is willing to spend as much money as needed on women's safety. To ensure women safety, the Delhi government in it's upcoming budget is allocating money for the installation of closed-circuit television across the city, he said.
But the measures are insufficient as rapists feel immune because of low conviction rate. Increased conviction rate will send a clear message that he will be in jail if he is a rapist, the chief minister said.

Kejriwal also lauded the DCW efforts towards dealing with cases of crime against women.
He appealed to the DCW to aggregate every single idea for the safety of women and said that the Aam Aadmi Party government will implement them all.


------------------
Etah: Police has filed an FIR against five persons including the husband of a woman, four months after she was allegedly murdered over a dowry demand here, officials said today.

The FIR in this connection was lodged yesterday, Jalesar Inspector Dinesh Kumar Dubey said.
Police said that the victim Sandhya married one Suneel, a resident of Kunjanpur village in Jalesar. Initially, there was no dowry demand but later the accused and his family demanded a sum of Rs two lakh.
When the victim's family could not pay the amount, she was allegedly set on?fire on November 11, 2015, police said.

Her brother Narendra Kumar took the complaint in this connection to Jalesar's Kotwali officer and also to Senior Superintendent of Police?in Etah, but none lodged the FIR.
At last he moved an application in the court, following which an FIR was lodged by police on court order, they said, adding that no arrest has been made in this connection so far.

------------------
Madurai: The Madras High Court Wednesday ruled that money demanded by a man from his in-laws for doing business does not come under the category of 'dowry'.

Disposing of a petition filed by the man's family against a complaint of dowry harassment, Justice C T Selvam of the Madurai bench said money demanded by a person from his wife and in-laws for investing in business cannot be construed as dowry demand and tried under Section 4 of Dowry Prohibition Act, 1961.
He said it was necessary for a complainant to prove that money was demanded only as dowry.
The Judge accepted the petitioner's submission that money had been demanded for conduct of business, but that the same was not demanded as dowry.
Such a demand for money for conduct of business would attract IPC Section 498A (husband or relative of husband of a woman subjecting her to cruelty), the judge said and ordered that the petitioners be prosecuted under this provision, apart from IPC Sec. 506(I) (criminal intimidation).

The Judge exonerated?the complainant's father-in-law, saying he was in no way connected with the case.
He directed the Judicial Magistrate in Tiruchirapalli, where the case was filed in December last year, to prosecute the victim's husband, mother-in-law and two sisters-in-law alone.

------------------
Kota:Enraged over dowry demands, a 24-year-old woman called off her marriage to a government teacher scheduled for next week.

Bharti Yadav alias Pinki, a resident of Faithapura village, called off her marriage with Shambu Dayal scheduled on February 22 after he and his family demanded a car as dowry in Baran city, Shriram Badesara, SHO, Sadar police station said.
According to the complaint filed by Bharti on Thursday, Shambu and his maternal grandfather, Kanayalal threatened to call off the marriage if they were not given a car as dowry.
They further forced the bride's family to sign a legal document stating that they would give the car six months after the marriage as Bharti's father expressed his inability to give such an expensive gift, Badesara said.
Bharti was engaged to Shambu on Feb 15 and her parents had given them a motorbike and jewellery as gifts after the engagement.

A case has been under various sections of IPC has been registered following the complaint.
Badesara said that a notice has been sent to the family and their statements have been recorded.

------------------

------------------

------------------
Patna: An FIR has been filed against former Bihar chief minister Jitan Ram Manjhi's daughter regarding her daughter-in-law's death in Gaya district, police said on Monday.

A case was lodged against Sunaina Devi and four other family members by deceased Soni's father in Delha police station in Gaya town, about 100 km from here.
"Ramdev Manjhi, father of Sunaina's daughter-in-law, filed an FIR alleging that his daughter was murdered by the accused for more dowry," a district police official said.

Ramdev told the police that the accused cremated his daughter without informing them.
He said his daughter was married to Sunaina's son Vicky in 2008.

------------------
Mumbai: Remya Ramachandran from Kerala has inspired millions of women by taking a strong step against the custom of dowry. The girls Facebook post citing cancellation of marriage due to dowry demands has gone viral.

Demanding dowry is strictly prohibited under the Dowry Prohibition Act, 1962, but the custom is very much prevalent in the Indian society even today.
Remya decided to call off her wedding after the groom demanded money and gold.
In order to make a loud noise against the culture and custom of dowry, Remyatook this step.
Heres a rough English translation of her Facebook post in Malayalam:
Heres an answer to all those asking me about my wedding. The person, who I was engaged to, is demanding Rs 5 lakhs and 50 gold coins. He had earlier said that he only needed me. I am against the custom of dowry and would not like to be part of a family that doesnt keep up its words. And hence, I have decided to call of this marital alliance.
,     .       ...
Three days later, Remya, who was overwhelmed to see support from all quarters, took to her Facebook page to thank all those who showed solidarity with her move:

Dear friends , Thanks for your huge support . I'm overwhelmed . I juz wanted to let my circle know about...

------------------

------------------

------------------
New Delhi: A strange form of dowry demand, even before marriage, has come to surface. The demand is not for a house, car, gold orlakhsof money, the grooms family allegedly demanded a nude selfie of the bride-to-be for their son and said only then the marriage would get consummated.

Such a rare demand was kept by 33-year-old Jitendra and his family who hails from Thane, Maharashtra.
Surprisingly,Jitendra had reportedly asked the girl to send a nude selfie of herself, only after which he would ask his parents to finalise a date for their marriage.
He even told his family about his bizarre wish. Furthermore, his family actually went ahead and kept the condition before the bride and her family as a clause for getting married.
However, the girl and her family flatly refused to accede to his filthy demand. But the story does not end here,Jitendraand his family even asked the girl's family for Rs 3 lakhs in cash and a new motorcycle, as per media reports.

The girls family immediately informed the police. On the basis of the complaint, Jitendra and his family have been put behind bars.
Police have informed that the dirty wish of Jitendra was a well thought out plan before getting married. This was a way of getting more dowry from the girls family. They had planned that as soon as they would have the selfie, Jitendra and his family would blackmail the brides parents to extract more money from them.

------------------
Muzaffarnagar:A 35-year-old woman was burnt to death by allegedly her in-laws over dowry at Purmali village in this district, police said.


In his complaint to the police, the victim's father alleged that his daughter was burnt alive last Friday and cremated without informing the police or her parents, they said.
A case was registered yesterday against the victim's husband Kamal, father-in-law Brahem Singh, mother-in-law Fullo and brother-in-law Manu who are absconding, police said, adding search is underway to nab the accused.

------------------

------------------
Mumbai: The controversial 'godwoman' Radhe Maa, who has been accused in a dowry harassment case, was questioned by Mumbai Police at Kandivali Police Station on Wednesday.

Sukhwinder Kaur alias Radhe Maa is also accused of instigating several people to commit suicide.
The Mumbai Police questioned the self-proclaimed 'godwoman' for 25 minutes and fired 23 questions at her.
While appearing before Mumbai Police, Radhe Maa completely dismissed all charges made against her.
A woman named Nikki Gupta has alleged that Radhe Maa instigated her husband and in-laws to demand dowry from her, even though she had given them jewellery worth over several crores at the time of marriage.
In her complaint lodged by the Kandivali police, the 32-year-old complainant had claimed that Radhe Maa allegedly asked her in-laws, including her chartered accountant husband, to make more dowry demands from her.
During the interrogation, the police asked the godwoman about her native place, to which she replied that she has a house in Punjab's Gurdaspur district, but it was not registered on her name.
She further told the police that she didn't own any property in the country.
While rejecting all the allegations of Nikki Gupta, Radhe Maa said she never asked for any money, cosmetics, nor any donation from the complainant.
Further laying credentials to her claims the godwoman asserted that she never asks for anything from her followers.
When the Mumbai Police asked for her passport, Radhe Maa said she forgot to bring it.
Divulging her family details, the godwoman told the police that she has two sons, who stay in Pune and Mumbai and are married to Megha and Manisha respectively. She also denied of any involvement of her family members in the case.
The Police also enquired about her 'sevak' Choti Maa. In her explanation Radhe Maa replied that her closest aide never asked money from Gupta.
During the questioning, the 'godwoman' admitted that she knew Nikki Gupta. However, when police asked her as to why was she angry with Gupta and why didn't she interfere and try to sort out the matter, Radhe Maa maintained two minutes of silence and gave a vague reply saying 'just like that'.

Radhe Maa claims to be a self-confessed fan of actor and former adult movie star Sunny Leone. Her pictures in short dresses, gyrating to Bollywood tunes with her devotees during satsangs (religious discourses) have gone viral on the social media networks.

------------------
Mumbai: In a fresh trouble for self-proclaimed controversial godwoman Radhe Maa, a petition filed in the Bombay High Court on Tuesday sought a direction to the police to lodge an FIR against her for alleged cheating, obscenity and hurting religious sentiments.

Advocate Falguni Brahmbhatt, the petitioner, said she moved the court after the suburban Borivali police failed to take action on her complaint.
"It has been five days since I asked police to take action against RadheMaa. But nothing was done," she said.

The petition accuses Radhe Maa of cheating innocent people, hurting their religious sentiments, and obscenity. It would come up for hearing in due course of time.
Mumbai police had last week registered a case against her after a woman alleged that Radhe Maa instigated her in-laws to harass her for dowry. Police have summoned the godwoman for questioning. 

------------------

------------------
Ahmedabad: Controversial self-styled Godwoman Radhe Ma has now been accused of instigating seven people to commit suicide, as per a report on Sunday.


The charges against her have been filed and the matter reportedly pertains to Gujarat's Kutch area.
The six people in question had supposedly given all their wealth to the self-styled Godwoman and the matter has reportedly been forwarded to Mumbai Police Commissioner.
However, there has been no official confirmation of the same.
Meanwhile, Mumbai police would soon issue summons Radhe Maa for recording her statement in connection with a dowry harassment case, a top police officer said in Mumbai.
"Radhe Maa, who was out of Mumbai for the last few days, returned to the city today. We will first issue summons to her, after which her statement will be recorded," DCP (Detection) Dhananjay Kulkarni said, as per PTI.
According to police, a 32-year-old woman has accused the Radhe Maa of instigating her in-laws, who are her followers for many years, to demand dowry from her.
"Police has so far issued summons to six persons, including the in-laws of the complainant. However, summons had not been served on Radhe Maa, who the seventh accused in the case," Mukund Pawar, senior inspector of Kandivali police station said.
The summons were issued after police registered an FIR against Radhe Maa and others last week, including the in-laws of the woman who has accused them of "mental and physical harassment for dowry".
According to police, the statement of all the six accused will be recorded from Monday.

All the seven accused have been booked under relevant sections of the IPC and Dowry Prohibition Act, police said.
(With PTI inputs)

------------------

------------------

------------------
Bareilly: The Ulama of Bareilly Markaz Dargarh Ala Hazrat has said that marriages will not be solemnised at places where either dowry is demanded or food is served through buffet system.

"Demanding dowry is against Shariyat-e-Islamia," national president and Shahr Qazi Raza Khan Qadri of "Jamat" affiliated to Markazi, Dar-ul-Ifta said.
He said that a campaign has been launched from Thiria town in Bareilly district.
Qadri said the "tanzeem" has decided to make people aware in parts where these social evils prevail.
"Even after this, people who do not understand this, the alims will not solemnise their marriages at their places," he said.
He said that due to increasing demand of dowry, girls of a large section of the community could not get married.
"This has been termed as illegal by Shariyat-e-Islamia," he said.
Similarly, serving food in buffet system or eating while walking was also considered against Islami Shariyat, Qadri said.
He said that the intention was to make people follow Shariyat and check exorbitant expenditure and non-Sharai methods.

National general secretary Maulana Shahabuddin Razvi said that Prophet Mohammad had expressed deep dissatisfaction over demanding dowry and buffet system.
He said that Jamat would raise a major campaign across the country on these issues.

------------------
Mumbai: An FIR was registered against self-styled godwoman Radhe Maa after a woman accused her of instigating her in-laws, who are her followers, to demand dowry.


A day after registering an FIR against the spiritual guru and in-laws of the woman, who has suffered "mental and physical harassment" over dowry demand, police today said they are gathering evidence against the accused.
"A 32-year-old married woman yesterday lodged a complaint against her in-laws as well as Maa, claiming she is being harassed mentally and physically for dowry," said Mukund Pawar, Senior Inspector, Kandivali Police Station.
The woman said her in-laws and other family members are the followers of Radhe Maa, who has instigated them to demand dowry and harass her if the demand is not met, he said.
Based on the complaint, police have named seven persons as accused, including the godwoman and the victim's husband, in the FIR.
"We are now gathering evidence against the accused to substantiate the allegations levelled against them," they said.
In this regard, police are inquiring several people, including neighbours of the complainant, a resident of suburban Kandivali, her relatives and friends.

"Statements of all the seven accused will also be recorded," Pawar said, adding all of them are co-operating with the police.
The accused have been booked under relevant sections of IPC and Dowry Prohibition Act. Among others, they have been charged with cheating, criminal breach of trust, cruelty and harassment for dowry, police said.

------------------
London: A man wanted in India on charges of domestic violence and dowry has been tracked down in a British county, a media report said on Thursday.

Ahmed Anees Hussain, declared "absconding" from India, is living in Norfolk county for the past four years, reported Eastern Daily Press that sent a reporter to track him down.
His ex-wife, television news presenter Fathima Sumaya Khan from Bengaluru, has pleaded with the British and Indian authorities to force him to return to India and face the charges.
"He is wanted in serious criminal case in India. So now I believe the British government has to take action," she was quoted as saying.
Hussain protested his innocence when confronted by the reporter, claiming he intends to return to India and face up to the accusations within the next 12 months.
"I am the victim in this and I am in hell over it. When I get the money I will go back and sort it out and show that I am innocent," Hussain was quoted as saying.
The 37-year-old has been working as a caretaker in an old age home for four years.
The couple had an arranged marriage and a week before the wedding, Hussain's family allegedly demanded expensive gifts and jewellery.
Shortly after their wedding, the couple moved to Britain where Hussain had been living since 2007.
According to Khan, this is when his behaviour worsened and the police was called out to their house several times. She was classified as being at "medium risk" by Norfolk Police.
"The worst days of my life began the moment I landed in the UK. I was brought up in a very protective environment. I worked with some of the best media houses and I always felt safe and happy," she was quoted as saying in the report.

After living for a while in London, Khan returned to Bengaluru in 2011 and severed contact with her husband, later filing for divorce.
Hussian was charged under the Dowry Prohibition Act and the Indian Penal Code for 'subjecting her to cruelty', 'criminal intimidation' and 'giving', 'taking' or 'demanding' dowry.

------------------
Etah: A court here sentenced a man and his mother to seven years imprisonment for killing his wife for dowry in 2011.


Additional sessions judge Ajay Tyagi, in his judgment delivered yesterday, had mentioned that Reena Devi, wife of Jitendra was allegedly killed for dowry in Kamalpur village under Sakit police station limits here over a demand for a motorcycle. Due to non-fulfilment of the demand, she was killed by her husband Jitendra and his mother Rambeti on May 4, 2011.
An FIR in this connection was filed and based on the evidence on record, the judge found the accused guilty and sentenced them to seven years imprisonment.

------------------
Chandauli: A primary school teacher, arrested in connection with a dowry death case, Tuesday allegedly committed suicide in police custody at Sayyedraja police station here.

Following the incident, three policemen were suspended and a magisterial inquiry was ordered.
District Magistrate Surendra Vikram said Zakhir Hussain was arrested yesterday after family members of his wife, who died a few days ago, registered a complaint with police alleging that he had demanded dowry from them.
Hussain was put in police lock up at Sayyedraja police station where he allegedly took the extreme step this morning, he said.

"We have ordered a magisterial probe into the matter. Suspension proceeding has also been ordered against the Station Officer and two more constables, who were on duty at the time of incident," the DM said.
Vikram said a panel of three doctors were conducting postmortem. The exact reason of his death would be clear after the report was received. 

------------------
Ballia (UP):A local court has awarded 13 years imprisonment to a man and his parents in connection with a 13-year-old dowry death case.


Additional district Judge, Amarpal yesterday awarded 13-year imprisonment to Dhananjay Pandey, his father Babban and mother Manki devi, for killing his wife Rekha over dowry.
According to victim's father, her husband and in-laws were demanding dowry and when their demands were not met they killed Rekha by strangulating her on May 17, 2002.

------------------
Balrampur (UP): A 20-year-old woman was allegedly killed by her in-laws for dowry in Dhannideeh village under Haraiya police station area here, police said on Monday.

The victim's father has alleged that Meera who got married two years ago, was strangled to death last night by her in-laws and her body was hanged to show it as a suicide case, they said.

The body has been sent for post mortem and a case has been registered against the woman's husband, father-in-law and mother-in-law, police said.
The accused are absconding and efforts are on to nab them, they said.

------------------
Thane: The police has booked six members of a family from Bhusawal in Jalgaon district, for allegedly demanding Rs 15 lakh dowry from a newly married girl's parents as well as practising witchcraft on her.

Police sub-inspector SS Shelar of the Hill Lines police station told a news agency that the 19-year-old girl had gone to her in-laws' residence in May 2014 after marriage after which her in-laws began harassing her.
According to the girl's complaint, her mother-in-law tried to forcefeed her food after practising witchcraft on it.
After she refused to consume it, her in-laws allegedly beat her up and harassed her, the complaint stated.
Allegedly, her in-laws also demanded a dowry of Rs 15 lakh from her family members and when they expressed their inability to pay, her in-laws beat her up, the complaint stated.
Finally, she was thrown out of the house by her in-laws in January 2015, the complaint stated.

Six of her accused in-laws, namely Vishal Sadhuramani, Asha Sadhuramani, Shyamlal Sadhuramani, Roopa, Priya and Poonam have been booked under Section 498A, Section 406, Section 323, Section 504, Section 506 read with Section 34 of the Indian Penal Code, the police official said.
However, no arrest has been made so far, the police official said.

------------------
Faridabad: A married woman was allegedly raped by her brother-in-law and harassed for dowry by her husband and in-laws here, police said on Saturday.

The victim woman, a resident of Ferozpur Kalan, complained that since her marriage to Krishna in 2008, her husband and in-laws used to beat her demanding a car and money, police said.
Her brother-in-law even raped her, they said quoting her compliant.
When she complained to her husband about it, he supported his brother's action while her mother-in-law tried to injure her with an electric iron, they said.
On her complaint, a case was registered yesterday with Sector-55 Police Station under section 323A (voluntarily causing hurt), 376 (rape), 342 (wrongful confinement), 498A (husband or relative of husband of a woman subjecting her to cruelty) and 34 (acts done by several persons in furtherance of common intention) of the IPC, they said.

An investigation in the case has been initiated, informed the investigating officer ASI Savita.


------------------

------------------
New Delhi:With an average 10,000 false dowry harassment cases being registered every year, government plans to amend the criminal law to prevent frequent misuse of its legal provisions.

Under the proposal, Section 498A of the Indian Penal Code will be made a compoundable offence with the permission of the courts as suggested by the Law Commission and Justice Malimath Committee.
Provisions will be kept to allow compromise and settlement between husband and wife at the onset of trial in dowry harassment cases, a Home Ministry official said.
The offence at present is non-compoundable and non- bailable, which provides for immediate arrest of the accused.
Conciliatory efforts between the hostile parties are virtually impossible. A husband or his family members are presumed guilty till they prove their innocence in court.
The offence is punishable with a jail term of up to three years.
There have been allegations that husbands and in-laws are often charged with false dowry harassment when some marital problems arise.
As per data provided by the National Crime Records Bureau, a total number of 99,135, 1,06,527 and 1,18,866 cases, respectively, were registered in 2011, 2012 and 2013 in the country under Section 498A for cruelty by husband or his relatives.
After police investigation, 10,193 in 2011, 10,235 in 2012 and 10,864 cases in 2013 were found to be false or suffering from mistake of fact or law. If the offence is made compoundable, misuse of the law may come down hugely as there would be scope for initiating conciliation proceedings and out -of-court settlement.
Permission from a court will be a guarantee against attempts where a wife may be compelled into a compromise by her husband or in-laws, the Home Ministry official said.
Under the existing rules, if a dowry harassment case is proved wrong or it is proved that the law was misused, a penalty of only Rs 1,000 is imposed. The amendment, however, provides for a Rs 15,000 fine.
Another new section is expected to be inserted to allow an accused to escape jail by paying a penalty.
The Supreme Court had in a 2010 judgement said that, as it stood now, the law had become a "weapon in the hands of disgruntled women".
It had also observed that a serious re-look of the entire provision is warranted by the legislature.
"It is a matter of common knowledge that exaggerated versions of the incident are reflected in a large number of complaints.
"The tendency of over-implication is also reflected in a very large number of cases," the apex court had said.
Section 498A was introduced in the early 80s to protect married women from being subjected to cruelty by the husband or his relatives.
A spate of dowry deaths in Delhi and elsewhere led to a campaign by some leading women members of Parliament, prompting the government to bring the amendment.
The expression 'cruelty' has been defined in wide terms so as to include infliction of physical or mental harm to the body or health of the woman and indulging in acts of harassment with a view to coerce her or her relations to meet any unlawful demand for any property or valuables.
The Law Commission recommended that the offence under Section 498A should be made a compoundable offence with the permission of court.

Justice Malimath Committee on Criminal Justice Reform, too, recommended that it be made compoundable as well as bailable.
The Home Ministry has also asked all state governments to be judicious in slapping Section 498A in matrimonial disputes as the provision may be used as "weapons rather than shields by disgruntled wives".

------------------
Shirdi:A 24-year-old married woman allegedly committed suicide by hanging herself in a village here, police said on Saturday.

Yogita Mahale, a resident of Pohegaon village, nearly 13 km from here, allegedly committed suicide by hanging herself from the ceiling fan at her residence on Thursday after being constantly harassed by her husband and in-laws, Shirdi police station in-charge Pramod Wagh said.
According to complaint lodged by the deceased's sister yesterday, she was being mentally and physically harassed by her husband and in-laws for dowry and she was disturbed by it for past sometime.

A case has been registered against the woman's husband Nilesh, father-in-law Madhukar Mahale and mother-in-law Nita under IPC sections 498 (A)(domestic violence), 306 (abetment of suicide).
The accused are at large now and a hunt has been launched to nab them, police added.

------------------
Haryana: In a bizzare incident, a panchayat in Haryana's Fatehabad area has ordered the family of a groom to pay a penalty of paltry 75 paise after the weding was called off as the dowry demands were reportedly not met.


The incident took place when the groom's family called off the engagement after their demand for a car was rejected by the bride's family shortly before the wedding.
The bride's family then approached the local panchayat and lodged a complaint.
After listening to both sides, the panchayat found the groom's family guilty and ordered them to pay a penalty of mere 75 paise.
The panchayat further directed the groom's family to pay the penalty amount to Haryana gaushala shivalaya dharamshala, anaaj mandi, Fatehabad.

A relative of the girl has confirmed the developments and added, we spared them after the penalty amount was levied on them by panchayat.
However, a groom's relative has denied the allegations and claimed that the wedding was called off due to differences between the bride and groom.

------------------
New Delhi: "One or two instances of physical assault", even if found to be true, cannot make for a case of cruelty for the purpose of satisfying unlawful demand, a Delhi court has observed, while discharging the in-laws of a woman in a dowry harassment case.

Additional Sessions Judge Pulastya Pramachala dismissed the woman's revision petition and upheld a magisterial court order freeing her brothers-in-law and a sister-in-law of the offences under sections 498A (cruelty), 406(criminal breach of trust) with 34 (common intention) of the IPC and under Dowry Prohibition Act.
The woman's husband, who is also arrayed as an accused in the case, has been declared as a proclaimed offender.
"I do find that she had made very vague and general kind of allegations involving name of all family members of her husband to allege that they used to harass her to bring more dowry," the judge said.
Observing that there were no specific allegations against the in-laws which could prima facie show that they used to torture and harass her, the judge said, "One or two instances of physical assault, even if found to be true, can't make out a case of cruelty for the purpose of satisfying unlawful demand."

The court also said that the cruelty or torture, as contemplated in section 498A of IPC denotes to a "continuous process" and the ingredients of the offence were not satisfied in the present case.
"From the allegations made by the complainant, even I am unable to find any case of continuous torture, if committed by any of the respondents for the purpose of making demand of dowry or any other unlawful demand," it said. 

------------------

------------------
New Delhi: The government on Wednesday said that it is planning to make offences under the anti-dowry law compoundable by amending a specific provision in it.

Minister of State for Home Affairs Haribhai Parathibhai Chaudhary, in a written statement in Rajya Sabha, replied with a "yes, sir" when he was asked whether government proposes to make Section 498A of IPC a compoundable offence by appropriate amendments in the CrPC.
"The government has the proposal to make Section 498A of the Indian Penal Code a compoundable offence, with the permission of the courts, as per the recommendations of the Law Commission of India and the Malimath Committee."

"A draft note for the Cabinet which, inter alia, seeks to amend section 498A of the IPC, making it compoundable, has been sent to the Legislative Department, Ministry of Law and Justice for drawing up the draft bill," he said.
By making an offence compoundable, contesting parties get an option to compromise their issues outside the court and avoid a trial.

------------------
Nagpur: A police complaint has been filed against a man for calling off his wedding at the last minute here after receiving SMSes about his fiancee's past love affair, police said on Friday.

Embarrassed by the sudden turn of events, the woman's family, which hails from Nagpur, filed a complaint of dowry and cheating against Abhishek Jain, 28, a resident of Betul district in Madhya Pradesh.
Jain was to get married here yesterday but cancelled the wedding after claiming to have received some SMSes about his fiancee allegedly being in a relationship with another man, an official at Sitabuldi Police Station said.
The SMSes were sent from an unknown cellphone number.
The couple had got engaged on January 25.

However, police, quoting close relatives of the bride, said Jain, who works in Pune, called off the marriage over dowry.
The woman admitted to being in a relationship before her engagement to Jain but clarified she had parted ways with her boyfriend, they said. 

------------------
Patna:In a shocking incident, an elderly woman allegedly sold her infant grandson for Rs.50,000 to arrange for dowry for her daughter`s marriage in Bihar`s Muzaffarpur district, police said Saturday.

An FIR was lodged by Rukhsana Khatoon, whose 15-day-old child was allegedly sold by her mother-in-law to raise money for dowry for her daughter`s marriage, district police official Pramod Kumar Singh said.
"Police have began an investigation into the incident after a case was lodged," said Singh.
This incident took place at Chainpur Wajid village under Manyari police station in Muzaffarpur, about 70 km from here Friday.
Rukhsana`s husband is a daily wage labourer, who is currently working outside the state.
Singh said that main accused mother-in-law and her daughter were absconding from the village after the incident came to light.
"Police have began operations to arrest them," he added.
According to police officials, Rukhsana in her complaint said that her mother-in-law persuaded her to accompany her to show the child to a doctor in Muzaffarpur town.
"My mother-in-law went inside doctor`s clinic with my child and soon returned empty handed. When i asked about my child, she told me that she had sold him to raise money for my sister in law`s dowry."
Rukhsana also informed police that her mother-in-law repeatedly accused her of not bringing dowry when she got married to her son three years ago.

"My mother-in-law justified her decision to sell my son by saying that it was compensation for my failure to bring in dowry," Rukhsana said.
Village panchayat mukhiya (head) Aariful Rahman confirmed the incident to local police officials.

------------------
Balrampur: A 21-year-old woman wasstrangulated to death allegedly by her husband for dowry in Utraula area, police said on Sunday.


Parveen was killed by her husband Saddam and two others for dowry in Kolhui Binnu village late last evening, they said.
Police said that a case had been registered against three persons in this connection.

------------------
Rohtak: In a significant move, the 'Sarv Jatiya Khap Mahapanchayat' (all castes' council) in Haryana here on Sunday took a pledge to oppose honour killing and prevent dowry system in the state.

A decision to this effect was taken at the meeting of the mahapanchayat attended by representatives of around 150 khaps across Haryana mostly from Rohtak, Jhajjar, Sonipat, Jind, Rewari and Bhiwani at Gohar village here.
Mahapanchayat's coordinator Hardeep Ahlawat said the khaps pledged to oppose honour killing and dowry system in Haryana.
"Honour killing can be put to an end by deliberations among the members of khaps and families of those boys and girls who decide to marry each other," he said.
He said the khaps will propagate the message to prevent honour killing across the state.
"We will help those who will come forward against honour killings in the state," he said, adding that the mahapanchayat "unanimously" decided to hand over stringent punishment to those involved in honour killing.
Besides, the members of khaps also pledged not to accept dowry so that the social evil can be curbed.

Ahlawat said the members of khaps also decided to socially boycott those involved in accepting dowry and indulging in honour killing.
The mahapanchayat included the representatives of khaps of Rohtak Chourasia, Hooda, Ahlawat, Athgaman, Dalal, Dahiya and Malik. 

------------------
Meerut: A 22-year-old woman on Sunday threatened to immolate herself in front of Uttar Pradesh Chief Minister's residence if action is not taken against six persons, including her husband and mother-in-law, accused of harassing her for dowry.

Sheeba wrote to the Chief Minister claiming that she will immolate herself if action is not taken against the six accused, including her husband Javed and her mother-in-law Nanda Begum, and also alleged that the police are complicit with the accused.
According to the woman, she had married Javed in March 2013 and soon he and his family started harassing her for dowry. On September 13, Javed allegedly attacked her using a sharp-edged weapon. Later she managed to reach her paternal house, following which a case was registered with the police.
Sheeba said a case was lodged against the accused under IPC section 498A (cruelty), 323 (causing hurt), (intentional insult with intent to provoke breach of the peace) and 506 (punishment for criminal intimidation) 307 (attempt to murder).

She claimed that the accused, who allegedly have the support of some local ministers, are pressuring her to withdraw the case and have also threatened to kill her.
Rejecting the woman's allegations, police incharge Alka Singh today said the case under investigation and only after the inquiry is complete will the arrests be made.

------------------
Beijing: A proposed love marriage between an Australian man and his Chinese fiancee is stuck over a hefty dowry demanded by the girl's parents as 'bride price', a custom in several countries.

Su Mo, a young Chinese lady, met her fiance Dyke, an Australian, in Xi'an, located in China's central-northwest region. The couple, after dating for three years, planned to get married in Australia during New Year.
However, as the big day approaches, the two families have found themselves in dispute over dowry, state-run People's Daily reported.
Su's parents have asked for USD 16,000 as a 'bride price'.
Bride price, also known as bride token, is an amount of money or property or wealth paid by the groom or his family to the parents of a woman upon the marriage of their daughter to the groom.
However, Su said that her fiance had not worked for long and has few savings and explained the matter to her parents.
"To my astonishment, my father wants my parents-in-law to pay the rest of the dowry" she said.
Su's Australian would-be mother-in-law refused to consider the proposal saying "No! No way!," the newspaper reported.
Caught in a dilemma over western parents' independent living and Chinese joint family system, Su said she has no idea how to deal with the cultural gap between a Chinese family and an Australian on education and customs.
Even in China, a dowry claim of USD 16,000 or more is an exception rather than a norm.
In most cases, the boy must have a residential flat of his own and girl's parents move in with the girl after the marriage.
Su knows Dyke's parents mean well but at the same time she does not want to embarrass her fiance.
She knows that other Chinese relatives have often told her parents that western families are well-off and so they should ask for a lot of money.
"My parents thought that greater the amount, the more face our family would have around the neighbours," Su said.
She is sure that her parents intended to save the money for her rather than spending it.
Although in many western countries, there is no longer any tradition of dowries, Su's relatives took the view that Dyke's family should respect Chinese culture if they were going to have a Chinese daughter-in-law.
Song Qiang, a Chinese lawyer, says that the dowry is only a civil custom with no legal status.

According to Chinese law, marriage upon arbitrary decision by any third party, mercenary marriage and any other acts of interference in the freedom of marriage are prohibited.
The extraction of money or gifts in connection with marriage is also prohibited. 

------------------

------------------

------------------
Nawada: A 28-year-old woman was killedallegedly by her husband on dowry demand at Jogibigha in Nawada district of Bihar, police said on Sunday.

Soni Devi (28) was stragulated to death allegedly by her drunk husband for not meeting his demand for a motorcycle as dowry last night, Pakribarama Deputy Superintendent of Police (DSP) Ram Pukar Singh said.

Her husband and in-laws are absconding, he said.
Her parents have lodged an FIR accusing five persons of being involved in the killing.

------------------
New Delhi: A Delhi court has acquitted a man of the charges of cruelly treating his wife for dowry and compelling her to commit suicide, saying he was a "victim of circumstances" and that no evidence was found to establish that he harassed her.

Additional Sessions Judge Sanjay Sharma, while absolving Delhi resident Bishambhar, said that the deceased (wife) was also a victim of the conspiracy hatched by her father to forcibly marry her in place of her paternal aunt, who had run away from the house a day before marriage.
"It is unfortunate that a young bride in her teens put an end to her life by setting herself on fire within three months of her marriage as she was forced to marry the accused in the name of honour of the family," the judge said.
The court said that it has no hesitation in concluding that the accused never demanded any dowry or subjected his wife to mental or physical cruelty before her death.
"Prosecution has failed to prove that the accused caused the death of Reena or that she was subjected to cruelty or harassment by the accused or she was subjected to any physical or mental cruelty at any point of time since the date of her marriage till the date of her death," it said.
The court also said that the woman was not happy with her forced marriage with the accused who was much older and because of this she didn't have cordial relations with her parents.
According to prosecution, on April 28, 2007 a complaint was lodged by the father of the deceased alleging that she was murdered by her husband and in-laws for want of dowry.

Bishambhar, his father Chanderpal, his mother Ramshree, brother-in-law Pramod and sister Baby were arrested.
However, the court later discharged all the other accused except for Bishambhar who was tried for offence under section 498A (cruelty), 302 (murder) and 304-B (dowry death).

------------------

------------------
Faridabad: A case has been registered against 12 persons in two separate dowry-related cases, police said on Saturday.


In the first incident, Pooja, resident of Bansal colony here, lodged a complaint alleging that her husband Manoj, brother-in-law Rinku, younger brother-in-law Jayprakash, mother-in-law Jaimal, father-in-law Devendra and Manoj's friend Yashpal used to torture her for dowry soon after her marriage in 2010, they said.
In the second such incident, Jasbir Kaur, resident of Bhagat Singh colony here, filed a complaint against her husband Puneet, father-in-law Subhash Chand, brothers-in-law Sameer and Rinku, mother-in-law Aas Devi for demanding dowry and threatening to kill her if the dowry demands were not met, police said, adding, both the cases are being investigated.

------------------
Panaji: A woman magistrate of a trial court is among three family members who have been booked in a dowry harassment case, police said on Wednesday.

Judicial Magistrate First Class Dvijpal Patkar, her brother Dvajip Patkar, and mother Jaya Patkar have been accused of harassment, and physical and mental torture by the victim.

The victim, who is married to the judge's brother Dvajip Patkar, said her in-laws were demanding a dowry of Rs.25 lakh from her and her father for past six years.
The case was filed in Margao, 35 km from Panaji.

------------------
Patna: A Muslim cleric in Bihar has opposed a demand for dowry and issued a fatwa against organising dinner or lunch with the money received from bride's family.

Qazi Maulana Mansur Alam, chief Imarat-e Sharia of Bihar Sharif in Nalanda district, has said it is illegal and forbidden in Islam to use money received as dowry in organising dinner or lunch in a reception ceremony after marriage.
He said the reception party is a sunnah (sunnah is the way of life prescribed as normative for Muslims on the basis of the teachings of Prophet Muhammad) but for the past few years, people are following a trend of organising reception known as 'dawate-walima' after marriage, contrary to Islam.
It has become an occasion to display wealth, he said.
"Such receptions, organised from the money received as dowry, are totally forbidden and sinful in Islam," Alam told a news agency on Monday.
"Issuing a fatwa is a part of our fight against social evils like dowry and create awareness. It is a kind of social boycott to warn dowry takers," he said.
Alam said dowry is not allowed in Islam and Muslims are bound to follow it. Reception is a simple way for getting blessings from Allah but it has been turned into a worldly show, which is improper.
"In Islam, credit or loan on interest is also illegal and forbidden," he said.
Early this year, Alam has declared that Muslim clerics would not conduct marriages of those who give or take dowry. "We have decided not to conduct nikah (marriage) for those who take and give dowry," he said.

It is only in Islam that at the time of marriages, a groom hands over to his bride a sum of money called 'Mehr', which is a token of his willingness to accept the responsibility of bearing all expenses of his wife.
According to the Islamic jurisprudence, a woman married to a Muslim man has a right to get property or money which is called 'Mehr'.

------------------
New Delhi: A man facing trial for cruelly treating his wife for dowry has been sentenced to two years in jail by a Delhi court which observed that as a husband it was his responsibility to keep her happy but he instead "victimised her".

Metropolitan Magistrate Ekta Gauba, while holding the man, his brother and his wife guilty of mentally and physically torturing the victim, sentenced them to two years imprisonment and also directed them to pay a compensation of Rs 5,000 each to the victim.
"The man, being the husband of complainant along with his relatives subjected her to mental and physical cruelty in order to compel her to meet their unlawful demand for dowry and her husband also wrongfully misappropriated the stridhan (wedding items) of the woman and did not return the same to her despite her demands.
"In view of the fact that the man being the husband and responsible to happily keep the complainant, has victimised and harassed her for demand of dowry and his sister-in-law being herself a woman had victimised another woman," the judge said, while convicting the accused persons and relying on the victim's statement.
"In view of the fact that the harassment of women for demand of dowry is increasing in today's scenario, they (man and relatives) do not deserve to be released on probation.
"I am of the considered view that interest of justice will be served if for the offence punishable under section 498?A subjecting woman to cruelty) of the IPC, all the three persons are sentenced to simple imprisonment for a period of two years each," the judge said.
According to prosecution, the victim, who got married to the man in 2000, alleged that 15 days after her wedding, she was thrown out of her matrimonial house for not bringing sufficient dowry.
It said that her husband, who had already taken away the gifts given to her by her parents, demanded Rs one lakh and threatened not to take her back till the time the money was arranged.

After such repeated incidents for two years after marriage, the victim lodged a complaint against them and her husband, his brother and his wife were arrested.
In their defence, her husband and in-laws had contended that they were falsely implicated by the woman as she was involved in a relationship with another man and they had tried to stop her many times. 

------------------
Muzaffarnagar: A 28-year-old woman was allegedly murdered by her in-laws for dowry at Buara village under Khatoli Police Station in the district, police said on Monday.

Neha, wife of Zail Singh was poisoned to death yesterday by her in-laws, SHO, Gajender Singh said, adding, police has registered a case against seven persons including Singh on the basis of a complaint filed by the victim's brother.
The body has been sent for post-mortem, he said.

Neha married Singh on February 24, 2012, he said, adding, the husband is working as an engineer in a sugar mill.
Neha's brother Pankaj has alleged in the FIR that the in-laws were demanding Rs five lakh in dowry and she was murdered when she did not concede to their demands.

------------------
Thane: A woman's husband and in-laws were arrested for allegedly torturing her for dowry following which she committed suicide, police said on Friday.

The 25-year-old victim, Supriya Singh, got married to Palghar district's Vasai area resident Chandan B Singh (28) in March 2013. At the time of her wedding, the woman's parents gave Rs 5 lakh to her in-laws as dowry, Thane's Mira Road police sub-inspector P S Salunke said.
However, soon after marriage, Supriya's husband and in-laws started harassing her. They allegedly beat her and abused her while demanding more dowry, he said.
Fed up with the constant harassment, the woman hanged herself at her house in Nallasopara area of Vasai on September 16, he said.
Later, her parents, who live on Mira Road in Thane, lodged a complaint against her in-laws and husband for abetting her suicide by constantly torturing her.
Based on the complaint, Mira Road police arrested the woman's husband Chandan B Singh, brother-in-law Pawan B Singh, father-in-law Beechu Singh and mother-in-law Shail Beechu Singh last evening.

Supriya's sister-in-law Soni Singh, who is also an accused in the case, is absconding and police have launched a search to nab her, Salunke said.
The accused have been booked under sections 304B (dowry death), 306 (abetement of suicide), 498A (husband or relative of husband of a woman subjecting her to cruelty), 406 (criminal breach of trust), 323 (voluntarily causing hurt), 504, and 506 (criminal intimidation) read with 34 (acts done by several persons in furtherance of common intention) of the Indian Penal Code, he added.

------------------
New Delhi: A Delhi court has sentenced parents-in-law of a woman to seven years in jail for treating her cruelly and harassing her for dowry, saying that the "victim died an unnatural death."

Additional Sessions Judge Virender Kumar Goyal held 64- year-old Krishan Anand and his wife Veena, 63, guilty for the offences under section 498A (subjecting woman to cruelty) and 304B (dowry death) of IPC for harassing their daughter-in-law for dowry and compelling her to jump from the roof of her matrimonial house to commit suicide.
"There was demand of a car soon before her death. The victim died under unnatural circumstances during seven years of her marriage and prior to this demand also, she was treated with cruelty and was harassed on account of non?fulfilment of demand of dowry....," the judge said, while also imposing a fine of Rs 5,000 on each of the convicts.
The court also directed the couple to pay Rs 25,000 each as compensation to the parents of the victim.
It acquitted the victim's husband, saying that there was no evidence against him that "he was acting with co accused persons in furtherance of their common intention of demand of dowry".
It, however, observed that despite being the husband of the woman, he could not save her.
"He failed to uphold the dignity and status of his wife in his family, while she was being harassed and was treated with cruelty by her parents-in law. He never resisted the acts of accused persons to save his wife from the harassment and cruelty caused to her," it said.

According to the prosecution, on the morning of November 20, 2005, the brother of the woman was informed by her in-laws that she fell from the stairs of their house and was taken to hospital, where she was declared as brought dead.
The woman's brother lodged a complaint with the police saying that her husband and parents-in-law had been harassing her for quite sometime for dowry and they had compelled her to commit suicide by jumping from the roof along with her 13 month-old son, who survived the jump and was discharged from the hospital a week later, it said. 

------------------
Badaun: A woman allegedly committed suicide after her husband and in-laws were sentenced to life imprisonment in a dowry death case by a local court here.

ASP Maan Singh said that Phoolwati (42) consumed poison after her husband Saroj and in-laws were sentenced to life imprisonment for the murder of his brother's wife for dowry.

The woman was apparently upset after the verdict was pronounced yesterday by special judge Chandrapal Singh.
He said that Phoolwati was admitted to hospital where she died during treatment.

------------------
New Delhi: Abuse of anti-dowry law is repeatedly increasing but every complaint cannot be suspected, a Delhi court has observed while discharging a woman accused of subjecting her brother's wife to cruelty.

Additional Sessions Judge Manoj Jain, while discharging the woman, who was the sister-in-law of the alleged dowry victim, termed the allegations as "generic" and "trivial".
"Abuse of section 498A of IPC (subjecting woman to cruelty) is repeatedly increasing but that may not ipso facto mean that every complaint has to be suspected.
"Of late, there are several judgements and instances which show that this benevolent provision is being misused also by some of the unscrupulous persons," the judge said, while allowing the revision petition filed by the accused woman.
He said, "I cannot shut my eyes to the fact that revisionist (woman) was already married and was working and residing at a different station.
"Moreover, the allegations attributed to her are indeed very generic and trivial keeping in mind the fact that these are stated to be spread over the period of seven years or so. These stray allegations seem to be too minor to justify trial for a serious offence of cruelty under section 498A IPC."
The woman had filed a revision petition against the trial court order charging her under section 498A with section 34 of IPC (husband or relative of husband of a woman subjecting her to cruelty with common intention).
The woman had claimed that allegations were very general and vague and there was nothing which may show that she made any demand of dowry or harassed the complainant for dowry and, therefore, there was no occasion for the trial court to have charged her for the offence.
The complainant had alleged that her sister-in-law had rebuked, taunted her and had sided with her mother-in-law to go for abortion, when it was learnt that she was carrying a female foetus.

The judge, however, refused to buy the arguments and allegations and said, "I would merely say that the allegations are too general in nature. These create a 'mere suspicion' as opposed to 'strong suspicion'."
"Suffice it to say that keeping in mind the fact that revisionist is a married sister-in-law residing separately at a different place and the fact that there is no serious allegation showing her continuous interference in the matrimonial life of the complainant amounting to cruelty and harassment, I am left with no option but to allow the revision petition," the judge said.

------------------
Muzaffarnagar: A 35-year-old woman was burnt alive by her husband and in-laws over dowry demands at Lachera village here, police said.

The woman is identified as Nutan, police said, adding, according to an FIR filed by the victim's father, her husband Sidharth and mother-in-law Chader Devi were harassing her for dowry.
When the victim refused to oblige, they poured kerosene on her and set her ablaze yesterday, they said.
A case has been registered against Sidharth and his mother who are currently absconding and the body has been sent for post-mortem.

In an another incident, a 30-year-old man committed suicide by setting himself on fire over a dispute with his wife at Barla village in the district.
Rajkamal took the extreme step yesterday, police said, adding, the body has been sent for post-mortem.

------------------
Badaun: A woman allegedly committed suicide after her husband and in-laws were sentenced to life imprisonment in a dowry death case by a local court here.
ASP Maan Singh said that Phoolwati (42) consumed poison after her husband Saroj and in-laws were sentenced to life imprisonment for the murder of his brother`s wife for dowry.
The woman was apparently upset after the verdict was pronounced yesterday by special judge Chandrapal Singh.
He said that Phoolwati was admitted to hospital where she died during treatment. 

------------------
New Delhi: The Delhi High Court has asked a man to give Rs 50,000 to his estranged wife and minor daughter as a pre-condition for granting him anticipatory bail in a dowry harassment case registered against him.

Justice Pratibha Rani granted the man two week`s protection from being arrested and directed him to pay the amount within the period.
"The complainant, who is a lady, involved in a litigation with husband is unemployed and dependent on her parents for her every need as well as of her child. In such type of disputes, possibility of living together is never ruled out especially when even during the course of arguments, the petitioner (man) has expressed his desire to take back the woman and child but due to her own apprehensions presently she is not willing to live with her husband.
"In the given facts and circumstances, the man is granted anticipatory bail subject to the condition that he shall pay Rs 50,000...To the woman for meeting day-to-day requirements of the child within 15 days from the date of this order and for two weeks, no coercive steps shall be taken against the man to enable him to comply with the above condition," the judge said.
It also said that in the event of his arrest on payment of the amount, he will be released on bail on furnishing a bond of Rs 20,000 with one surety in the like amount.
The court also observed that during a matrimonial litigation, the child suffers because of warring parents.
The court made the observations on the anticipatory bail application of the man, who has alleged that the complaint of dowry harassment against him has been filed by his wife with ulterior motives on his failure to agree to her terms.
Delhi Police, Crime Against Women Cell here, had booked the man after his wife lodged a complaint in August, 2013 that she is being harassed by her husband and in-laws for not bringing enough dowry.
The police has also registered a case against the man for criminal breach of trust.

As per the police, the couple got married in February 2012 and a baby girl was born to them.
The man has claimed in his plea that his wife adopted a "rude and arrogant attitude" towards him within two-three months of their marriage, besides her insistence that he should get his share in the family property led to problems in their matrimonial life.

------------------
New Delhi: AAP leader Arvind Kejriwal on Friday met the family of Neha Yadav, who was allegedly set ablaze by her in-laws for dowry and assured all possible help to take the case to its logical end.

The party said that Yadav, who succumbed to her injuries on July 2, was allegedly set ablaze by her husband and in-laws in January this year. She was one of the reasons over which Kejriwal had locked horns with the Delhi Police and sat on dharna while he was the Chief Minister.
The party has also alleged that despite AAP MLA Rakhi Birla, the then Minister for Women and Child Welfare of Delhi, raising the issue, the police had been shielding the culprits.

"Arvind met Neha`s Father Birender Yadav and assured all possible help to the family in their fight for justice. Neha`s father told Arvind Kejriwal that her in-laws were forcing them to vacate the house in Indra Park, Sagarpur, West Delhi, where Neha and her two children, 10 year old daughter Khushi and six year old son Rohit were staying with her.
"Neha`s family also told that her in-laws are also issuing threats and the police were not taking any action," the party said in a statement.
AAP added that Birla also met Zonal DCP Suman Goyal and would also follow-up with the investigation. 

------------------
New Delhi: A Delhi court has discharged a man and his parents of allegations of subjecting his wife to cruelty for dowry, holding there was no evidence to show she was harassed by her in-laws just before her death.

Additional sessions judge Pawan Kumar Jain, while passing order on the point of charge, absolved Delhi residents Mohan Lal and his parents of the allegations of subjecting the woman to cruelty (section 498A) and dowry death (section 304B) of the IPC.
"Prosecution has failed to produce sufficient evidence to show prima-facie that deceased (woman) was tortured soon before her death in connection with dowry demand," the judge said.
The court noted that soon after her marriage in 2001, she had lodged complaints against Mohan and his parents and then withdrew them in 2005 by mentioning before the Delhi High Court that she was living with her in-laws happily since 2004.
"There is not sufficient allegation in the complaint dated May 13, 2006 that there was any demand of dowry after March 24, 2005 when she had made the statement before the high court.
"... Moreover, if there would have been any demand or she was being tortured, she would not be living with her husband in her matrimonial house," the court noted.
According to the prosecution, the woman was thrown out of her matrimonial house for not bringing sufficient dowry after a year of marriage. But, later on she had again started living with her husband.

It further said that on May 13, 2006, the woman`s father, who received a call from Mohan that his daughter had died, immediately lodged a complaint with police that she was starved to death by her husband and in-laws.
The woman was found lying unconscious on her bed and was taken to hospital by Mohan where she died. 

------------------
 Bareilly: A Pakistani woman has filed a police complaint against her Indian husband alleging that she is being subjected to domestic violence over dowry demand.
 Iram, a Lahore resident had married Mohammed Athar, residing here, nearly six years ago.

 According to the complaint, soon after marriage, Athar started to demand dowry of Rs 10 lakh which Iram did not give following which she was subjected to domestic violence, police said.
 When things became out of control, she called her father from Pakistan who accompanied her to the police.

 Athar had also lied about her job at the time of marriage, police said, adding, he had allegedly claimed that he was a software engineer posted in Chandigarh whereas he got a job in a local meat factory recently.
 The police has registered a case against Athar and his mother. 

------------------
Muzaffarnagar: A man has been sentenced to life imprisonment while his parents were awarded a 10-year jail term by a court in neighbouring Saharanpur district for killing his wife for dowry.
Additional District Sessions Judge Chawan Parkash also imposed a fine of Rs 10,000 each on the convicts Deepak, his father Ramesh and mother Urmila after holding them guilty under Section 302 (murder) of IPC and Dowry Act.
According to prosecution, Deepak`s wife Suman was killed over non-fulfilment of dowry demand in Nachal Ghar village in Saharanpur district on August 4, 2009.
Police had registered a case against the three. Suman, a resident of Muzaffarnagar district, and Deepak were married on May, 12, 2005.

------------------
Melbourne: An Australian politician has asked the Victorian government to introduce a ban on dowry, saying that such practices could lead to domestic violence. Ted Baillieu, former premier of Victoria, tabled a petition in the state parliament last month which sought a specific ban on the dowry and amendments to family violence laws, media reports said today.

"There is an aspect of dowry which leads to this sort of problem. The coercive and continuing demands for further dowry have been a significant problem in some areas of our community and we need to do something about it," he said.
"The victims may find themselves subjected to demands for more dowry, demands for continuing dowry, and that leads in some instances to family breakdown, intimidation and family violence," he said.
His move came after Indian-origin psychiatrist Manjula O`Connor contacted him on the issue while he was the premier.
O`Connor, who has been working with domestic violence victims largely Indian community, said the matter would now be referred to Victorian Law Reform Commission and she was going to meet state Attorney-General Robert Clark.
Baillieu said that domestic violence was a big issue across several communities in Australia but dowry demand was a big part of it when it comes to Indian community.

"There is an increase in dowry related cases here and that is also because the Indian community is growing," she said, adding the issue was not limited to the Indian community but was seen?in other South Asian communities.
Baillieu said, "It`s a historic and cultural tradition but in India they have seen fit to ban dowry, but I don`t think that`s enforced."
He further said, "What we`re fundamentally talking about is family violence, and family violence has many causes and we have to do whatever we can to stamp it out."
"Anybody who commits family violence is committing a crime and we need to get that to be part of our cultural understanding," he said.

------------------
Kathmandu: Nepalese police were searching for a husband and his parents after they allegedly set his pregnant wife on fire in a demand for dowry, an officer said Tuesday.

Police accuse Farid Sheikh and his parents of pouring kerosene over the 25-year-old woman, who was seven months pregnant, in an attempt to extort a motorbike and water buffalo from her family.
"When the incident happened about a month ago, they took her to India for treatment, saying it was an accident," police official Prem Basnyat told AFP.
After her health worsened and she suffered a miscarriage, her father found out and urged police to file a criminal case against the husband`s family in Banke district, western Nepal.
"We recorded her statement yesterday, but her husband and in-laws have vanished. We are searching for them," Basnyat told AFP.
A local human rights group said it brought the woman to a Kathmandu hospital on Monday where she remains in a critical condition, with her entire lower body wrapped in bandages.
The woman has recounted how her husband "assaulted her regularly, saying that she did not bring... dowry. She added that he burnt her private parts with cigarettes," the Informal Sector Service Centre rights group said in a statement.

Nepalese activists have long called for tougher punishments against perpetrators of dowry-related violence.
They say the tradition in Nepal, India and other countries -- where gifts and payments are given to a husband and his family so that a marriage can take place -- is still widely practised, despite an official ban.

------------------
Chennai: An IPS officer on Monday surrendered in a court here, more than two months after the Supreme Court cancelled his anticipatory bail and directed him to surrender before the trial court in dowry and woman harassment case.

R V Varun Kumar appeared before the XIth Metropolitan Magistrate Court and surrendered in the case which is being investigated by the anti-dowry cell of the Chennai city police.
After magistrate Shanthi remanded Varun Kumar for 15 days in judicial custody, the defence counsel filed a bail petition even as the anti-dowry cell filed a plea seeking custody of the accused for a week.
While the bail plea was adjourned to April 30, hearing on the police petition seeking custody was posted to April 29.
However, seeking an early hearing on the bail petition, Kumar`s counsel filed an advance petition praying the court to hear the bail petition today itself which was dismissed. Soon after, Varun was arrested and taken to the Puzhal prison.
The IPS officer was accused of several charges including dowry harassment by his former girlfriend. According to her, he had allegedly promised to marry her.
They prepared for the civil services examination together. The attitude of Varun, however, changed after he was selected for the IPS in 2011.

He and his parents allegedly demanded dowry of two kg gold, Rs 50 lakh and a luxury car. They refused to conduct the marriage if the demand was not fulfilled.
Subsequently, a complaint was lodged by the girl and Kumar got anticipatory bail from Madras High Court which was cancelled by the apex court on February 14. 

------------------
Muzaffarnagar: A woman has been allegedly killed by her husband and in-laws over dowry in Bhokaheri village area here, police said today.
According to a case registered against the accused, the victim identified as Pooja, was strangulated to death by her husband Kapil Kumar and in-laws yesterday over dowry, they said.
While the husband has been arrested, remaining accused in the family are absconding.
Further investigation in going on in the case. 

------------------
New Delhi: A man, accused of torturing his wife for bringing insufficient dowry, has been acquitted by a Delhi court which said the woman had made vague allegations against her husband.

Metropolitan Magistrate Geetanjali while acquitting Rajkumar, a resident of Uttar Pradesh, said the woman made vague allegations regarding cruelty committed by him towards her as she had not given any particular detail of even one incident.
"I hold that prosecution has failed to establish the kind of cruelty as prescribed under section 498 A (subjecting woman to cruelty) of IPC (and the) accused deserves acquittal. Hence, Rajkumar is acquitted of the offences under Section 498 A/34 of IPC and 3/4 of the Dowry Prohibition Act," the magistrate said.
Rajkumar, along with his parents and brother, was booked by the police under IPC for cruelty towards his wife, criminal breach of trust and under the Dowry Prohibition Act.
His parents and brother were earlier discharged by the court.
According to the prosecution, Santosh was married to accused Rajkumar in 1982 and after their marriage, her husband and mother-in-law started demanding dowry from her.
She filed a complaint on August 8, 2000, alleging that her husband harassed her mentally and physically for bringing insufficient dowry and coerced her to meet their demands.
The court noted that the woman has deposed that sufficient dowry articles were given in her marriage but in cross examination, she admitted the valuables were given by her parents out of their own free will.
It said the woman had nowhere stated that the articles were retained by her husband and he had refused to return them.

"I am of the considered opinion that the prosecution has failed to prove the allegations under section 406 (criminal breach of trust) of IPC beyond reasonable doubt and accused Rajkumar is hereby acquitted of the offence charged," the magistrate said.
During the trial, Rajkumar had said he was innocent and had been falsely implicated in the case. 

------------------
Thane: The Thane police arrested four members of a family here on Tuesday including a couple on charges of allegedly harassing a young married women and forcing her to end her life under duress for more dowry, the police said.

Police station inspector PT Kale of the Kalwa police station told PTI that the victim`s family and those arrested lived in the Atkondeshwar Nagar of Kalwa.
The victim Rinki Rajesh Gupta (23) was married to one Rajesh Gupta (27) on June 07, 2011. 
Within a couple of months after the marriage her in-laws began haressing the girl demanding more dowry, which she could not not fulfill.
They also wanted a sum of Rs 5 lakh from Rinki to fund Rajesh`s foreign visit, according to a complaint by the victim`s brother Ashok Gupta, who is a Navi Mumbai resident.
The torture increased day by day and on Saturday she doused herself in kerosene and set herself on fire after which she was badly burnt, the police said.

She was rushed to the Thane civil hospital for treatment where she died today, the police said, adding that her in-laws were arrested today by the Kalwa police.
The names of those arrested are Rajesh Gupta (27), his mother Gayatri Devi Gupta (45), his father Ramchandra Gupta (50) and his brother Brijesh Gupta (23), who have been charged under Section 498-A and Section 306 read with Section 34 of the Indian Penal Code, the police said.

------------------
Bhubaneswar: Barsa Swony Choudhury, an alleged dowry torture victim and daughter-in-law of a former minister, was reportedly threatened in a letter with acid attack if she tried to enter politics.

The letter came on Thursday, five days after the Human Rights Protection Cell (HRPC) of the Odisha Police filed chargesheet against former law minister and Biju Janata Dal leader Raghunath Mohanty, his son and three other members of his family in a dowry torture case last year.
Barsa`s father Kishore Choudhury has received a postcard at his village home in Balasore district.
"It (postcard) has warned my daughter to refrain from any attempt to enter politics. It says if she makes any such attempt, she would be attacked with acid," Choudhury said.

"I met the Balasore superintendent of police, apprised him of the threat to my daughter and sought adequate security to her," Choudhury told reporters.
"I have asked for a thorough examination of the post card that the family members of Barsa received today. The post card would be sent to the fingerprint section which I hope will help the police nab the miscreants," Balasore SP N Pankaj said.
Barsa was provided security after she met Chief Minister Naveen Patnaik on February 21.
Choudhury said this might be the handiwork of the supporters of Raghunath Mohanty, against whom Barsa has filed a dowry torture case following which he was dropped from the cabinet.
Mohanty was arrested from his hideout in Kolkata along with wife. Their son Rajashree was also arrested in March last year. 

------------------
 Nashik: A 35-year-old man has been sentenced to life imprisonment by a local court for torturing and killing his pregnant wife for dowry.

 Additional district and sessions court judge Suchitra S Ghodke sentenced Kesharsingh Harjindsingh Chaddha to life imprisonment and also imposed Rs 500 fine on him for mentally and physically harassing his wife Gurupreet for dowry and then killing her and throwing the body from top floor of their building in 2012.
 Chaddha had married Gurupreet, hailing from Ghoti in Nashik district, in June 2003 and within a few days of the marriage he started harassing her mentally and physically for dowry.
 The wife later lodged complaints against her husband at Igatpuri and Nashik Road police stations, but he continued to harass her.
 According to senior government pleader Ajay Misar, on May 26, 2012, when Gurupreet was 5-month pregnant, Chaddha beat her up severely and used a sharp weapon to kill her. He then threw the body from top of the building -- Adharshila Co-op Housing Society at Devlali camp near here -- where they were staying.
 Nashik police registered an offence of murder against Chaddha the same day and filed a case in the sessions court, which examined 16 witnesses and awarded him life imprisonment yesterday.
 Misar said the accused started harassing his wife soon after marriage and continued it for nine years. The murder was pre-planned as he often used to beat her with his waist belt. There were 18 small and big wounds found on the body by doctors during the post mortem.

 Gurupreet`s father Jitsingh Pandhe, a resident of Ghoti who was present in the court during sentencing, told reporters that he wanted death penalty for the accused as he harassed his daughter for nine years.
 He said on May 26, 2012, he received a call from his daughter seeking help, but by the time he reached, his daughter was dead. 

------------------
 Nashik: A 35-year-old man has been sentenced to life imprisonment by a local court for torturing and killing his pregnant wife for dowry.

 Additional district and sessions court judge Suchitra S Ghodke sentenced Kesharsingh Harjindsingh Chaddha to life imprisonment and also imposed Rs 500 fine on him for mentally and physically harassing his wife Gurupreet for dowry and then killing her and throwing the body from top floor of their building in 2012.
 Chaddha had married Gurupreet, hailing from Ghoti in Nashik district, in June 2003 and within a few days of the marriage he started harassing her mentally and physically for dowry.
 The wife later lodged complaints against her husband at Igatpuri and Nashik Road police stations, but he continued to harass her.
 According to senior government pleader Ajay Misar, on May 26, 2012, when Gurupreet was 5-month pregnant, Chaddha beat her up severely and used a sharp weapon to kill her. He then threw the body from top of the building -- Adharshila Co-op Housing Society at Devlali camp near here -- where they were staying.
 Nashik police registered an offence of murder against Chaddha the same day and filed a case in the sessions court, which examined 16 witnesses and awarded him life imprisonment yesterday.
 Misar said the accused started harassing his wife soon after marriage and continued it for nine years. The murder was pre-planned as he often used to beat her with his waist belt. There were 18 small and big wounds found on the body by doctors during the post mortem.

 Gurupreet`s father Jitsingh Pandhe, a resident of Ghoti who was present in the court during sentencing, told reporters that he wanted death penalty for the accused as he harassed his daughter for nine years.
 He said on May 26, 2012, he received a call from his daughter seeking help, but by the time he reached, his daughter was dead. 

------------------
Barasat (WB): A housewife was allegedly set on fire by her husband and in-laws and killed in her marital home at Khardah in the northern fringes of Kolkata, police said on Saturday.
 The incident took place on Thursday night and the charred body of the woman was recovered by the police.


The woman`s husband, brother-in-law and his wife were arrested after her brother lodged a complaint with the police yesterday.
A case of murder has been initiated, the police added.

------------------
Biharsharif (Bihar): Drunkards and dowry seekers in eastern states will find it difficult to get their marriage solemnised with a group of Muslim clerics deciding to boycott such people.

The decision to this effect was taken at a meeting of clerics called here by Kazi Maulana Mansoor Alam, chief of "Darul-Qaza", a district unit of Imarat-e-Shariah, which regulates religious activities of Muslims in Bihar, Jharkhand and Odisha.
Giving details of the deliberations held last week, Alam told a news agency that the decision was an attempt to fight social evils like dowry and liquor which are prohibited in Islam.
The clerics have decided to launch a campaign in Nalanda district to appeal to Imams of local mosques to join them and keep away from performing marriage ceremony of individuals in the habit of drinking liquor and seeking dowry, he said.
Nalanda, home district of Chief Minister Nitish Kumar, has a sizable population of Muslims.
He said the decision was in tune with tenets of the holy Quran which prohibits consumption of liquor and terms taking or giving dowry as "haram" (unlawful).

Alam lamented that there was an increase in dowry-related cases and alcohol consumption particularly among youths of the community and said the clerics felt there was an urgent need to prevent such vices.
They emphasised that Muslim marriage should be performed in accordance with "Shariyat". 

------------------
Patna: Muslim clerics in a Bihar district have said they won`t conduct marriage ceremony of those who give or take dowry.

Alarmed over the trend of dowry among Muslims, this decision was taken by a body of Imams of Bihar`s Nalanda district at a meeting Saturday evening.
"We have decided not to conduct nikah (marriage) for those who take and give dowry in the district," said Qazi Maulana Mansur Alam, who heads Muslim organisation Imarat-e Sharia of Biharsharief in Nalanda.
"It is a historic move to discourage dowry and create awareness. It is a kind of social boycott to warn dowry takers," he said.
Alam said that after this decision is successfully implemented in Nalanda, about 100 km from here, they would request Imams of other districts across Bihar to start similar campaigns.
The Muslim community has welcomed this move against dowry.
"It is a positive step to counter increasing dowry and create awareness. I am ready to help and support such a move," said Ghulam Rasool Baliyavi, head of Edar-e-Sharia, a Patna-based Muslim organisation.
"At last, someone has raised a voice against dowry among Muslims...," said Haji Mohd Shafiullah Khan, a retired railway official and now a social worker in Gewal Bigha in Gaya district.
Shafiullah Khan said there is no concept of dowry in Islam and it was unfortunate that Muslims were practicing it.
"It is only in Islam that at the time of the marriage, the groom hands over to the bride a sum of money called `Mahr`, which is a token of his willingness to accept the responsibility of bearing all expenses of his wife," Khan said.
According to Islamic jurisprudence, a woman married to a Muslim man has a right to get property or money which is called `Mahr`.
Irshadul Haque, a Dalit Muslim activist, said that reports of increasing dowry trends among Muslim are a major challenge today.
"Dowry is no more a social evil of the Hindu society alone. It has already created trouble in the Muslim society," he said.

Haque said that dowry has badly affected poorest of the poor Muslims, particularly Dalit Muslims.
"The decision...not to conduct nikah of those taking dowry should be emulated by others," he said.

------------------
New Delhi: The Supreme Court on Friday expressed concern over growing dowry culture in the society saying it is a "social malaise" which must be dealt with firmly.

Holding dowry as a disgraceful and distressing reality, a bench of justices T S Thakur and Vikramajit Sen at the same time also said the penal provision against dowry harassment is being abused.
"Judges cannot be blind to the disgraceful and distressing reality vis-a-vis dowry, which prevails in some sections of our society. What we find extremely disconcerting is that this social malaise is spreading amongst all religious communities. The demand of dowry is a social anathema, which must be dealt with firmly," it said.
The bench also said that courts should not quash proceedings on a complaint of a woman in dowry harassment case merely on the ground of delay in filing the case.
It said the bride endures the ill treatment and taunts knowing that the marriage would be undermined and jeopardised by running to the police station.
"It would be idle and in fact illogical to contend that law expects that on the first demand of dowry, prosecution under Section 498-A (harassment by husband or in-laws) has to be commenced.
"In the Indian idiom, where it is oft spoken that on her marriage a daughter ceases to be a member of her parents` family and may return to it only as a corpse, the reality is that only when it is obvious that the marriage has become unredeemably unworkable that the wife and her family would initiate proceedings," it said.
"We must hasten to add that a malpractice is now widely manifesting itself in that lawyers invariably advise immediate commencement of Section 498-A proceedings employing them as a weapon of harassment. Courts however, are aware and alive to this abuse of otherwise salutary statutory provision."

The court order came on an appeal filed by a man and his family members seeking quashing of proceedings against them in a dowry harassment and abetment to suicide case lodged against them by his in-laws after his wife committed suicide.
The bench dismissed the plea and allowed the proceedings against them. 

------------------
Barpeta/Nagaon (Assam): A pregnant woman was killed allegedly by her in-laws because of dowry, police said on Monday.

     Akhitaj Parbim alias Pinky was found dead yesterday from Bheragaon near Barpeta town.
     According to the complain by Parbim`s family, she was married to one Shahjahan Ali in Bongaigaon district around one and half years ago.
    While her in-laws claimed that she was killed by some unknown people at their home, the woman`s family charged the in-laws of killing her with sharp weapons because of dowry.
     Further investigation is on and no arrest has been made so far.
     Meanwhile, a report from Nagaon said that a woman suffered burn injuries last night at the residence of her in-laws.
     The in-laws of Jamila Khatoon, wife of a businessman Zakir Hussain, said that it is a case of attempted suicide.

     However, her father claimed it is an attempted murder because of dowry.
     Khatoon has been shifted to GMC Hospital in Guwahati and her condition is critical. 

------------------
Akola: A young woman was allegedly strangulated to death by her husband and in-laws after their dowry demand was not met by her family, police said on Tuesday.

Sayma (20) had got married to Abdul Razik (25), a resident of Akot tehsil in the district, on June 9 this year and soon after, her husband`s family demanded money from her parents for purchasing a four-wheeler.
On the night of November 10, the woman was allegedly strangulated to death by her husband and in-laws, who later tried to project it as a case of suicide.
However, the post-mortem report revealed that the woman was strangled.

The victim`s husband Razik, her mother-in-law Rahemabi and brother-in-law Rafia have been arrested in connection with the offence and booked for murder and under other relevant sections.
Further investigation was on in the case, police added. 

------------------
Nashik: Former President of India Pratibha Patil on Saturday lauded the tribal culture, and noted that social evils such as dowry are absent in the tribal societies.


"Among the tribal societies, no dowry is taken at the time of marriage...They have a noble culture despite lack of education...Other societies should ape them," Patil said, speaking at a function organised here for the tribal women on the occasion of Diwali.
Tirupati Devasthan Trust`s chairman and MP K Bappiraju and Maharashtra tribal development minister Madhukar Pichad were present, among others, at the function organised at the premises of Agriculture Produce Market Committee.

------------------
New Delhi: A former Congress MLA has been arrested after her daughter-in-law was found hanging under mysterious circumstances at a house in Delhi`s Sarai Rohilla area.

Sadiram`s wife and his son Sudhanshu have also been arrested.
Victim`s family alleged that their daughter was killed for dowry. Her in-laws, however, claimed that she had committed suicide.
Rekha, 27, was found hanging inside her in-law`s house on Saturday morning.
Rekha`s father Ashok Chaudhary, in his complaint, said in December 2012, he had organised her daughter`s marriage with the son of former MLA Sadiram.
"A few days after the marriage, Rekha`s in-laws started demanding more dowry. When I could not fulfil their continuous demand, they killed my daughter," Chaudhary said.
"Victim`s body has been sent for post-mortem to ascertain the exact reason behind the death as her family members alleged that she was killed by her in-laws for dowry," said a police officer.

"A probe in the case has been conducted and we are waiting for victim`s post-mortem report before taking further action," the officer added.
(With IANS inputs)

------------------
Lahore: Four sisters committed suicide in Pakistan`s Punjab province as their father was unable to arrange dowries for them to get married, police said on Friday.

After an argument with their father Bashir Ahmed Rajput, the women ended their lives by jumping into a canal in Lodhran district of Punjab yesterday.
A fifth sister, 24-year-old Parveen, also jumped into the canal but was rescued by local residents.
The dead sisters, identified by police as Munira, Zenat, Nazia and Faiza, were?aged between 23 and 35.
The women, all daughters of a poor farmer, were reportedly upset as their father was unable to arrange their marriage.
"Delay in marriage and extreme poverty forced my ill-fated daughters to take the extreme step," Rajput said in his statement to police.
Rajput, a resident of Kehror Pakkha sub-district, located 300 km from Lahore, said he had no money to marry his daughters.
"I spent all my savings on the marriage of my other two daughters," a sobbing Rajput said. "I wish no one had as many daughters as I had."
He stood at the edge of the canal where the women committed suicide and kept saying, "Save my daughters."

The state-run rescue service launched efforts to find the bodies of the women. Parveen was taken to a nearby hospital. 
PTI

------------------
New Delhi: One woman dies every hour due to dowry related reasons on an average in the country, which has seen a steady rise in such cases between 2007 and 2011, according to official data.

National Crime Records Bureau (NCRB) figures state that 8,233 dowry deaths were reported in 2012 from various states. The statistics work out to one death per hour.
The number of deaths under this category of crime against women were 8,618 in 2011 but the overall conviction rate was 35.8 per cent, slightly above the 32 per cent conviction rate recorded in the latest data for 2012.
The number of dowry deaths in the country has seen a steady growth during the period between 2007 and 2011. 
While in 2007, 8,093 such deaths were reported, the numbers rose to 8,172 and 8,383 in 2008 and 2009 respectively.
In 2010, 8,391 such deaths were reported, according to the NCRB.
The agency is the central nodal department to collect and process crime statistics at the national level.
Police officials who deal with these crimes feel blame a variety of reasons.
Suman Nalwa, Additional Deputy Commissioner of Delhi Police (Special Unit for Women and Children), said the problem is not only limited to the lower or middle class.
"Higher socio-economic strata is equally involved in such practices. Even the highly educated class of our society do not say no to dowry. It runs deep into our social system," she said.
The Dowry Prohibition Act of 1961, prohibits the request, payment or acceptance of a dowry, "as consideration for the marriage" and dowry here is defined as a gift demanded or given as a pre-condition for a marriage.
"The existing law has certain loopholes and needs to be made stricter. Despite the amendments made to the Dowry Act in 1983, good results are still desired to be achieved," Nalwa said.
However, Kamini Jaiswal, a senior Supreme Court lawyer, says improper investigations by the police at the initial stage of a case slow down the process of judicial proceedings.
"We need quick conviction in such cases. Our judicial procedure has become very slow, police does not record a case at initial stage," she said. 
According to Nalwa, at times it is easy to get bail in
the cases which are registered under the section 498 (a) of the IPC which deals with the subject of "husband or relative of husband of a woman subjecting her to cruelty".
National Commission for Women chairperson Mamata Sharma said the sole reason for such a huge number of deaths is the non-implementation of the law correctly.

"Police are required to be sensitised and the public needs to be made aware of their rights and laws. Then only we can achieve affective implementation of such laws," she said.
PTI 

------------------
 the way i see things happening in our Bharat and if you tell Sri Ram or Sri Krishna to take AVATAR again,they will be very afraid to take AVATAR in this KALYUG.God bless our Bharat

------------------
Sambhal: A pregnant married woman was allegedly killed by her in-laws over dowry in Hayat Nagar area here, police said on Friday.

Roopwati`s (25) in-laws allegedly sprinkled kerosene oil on her and set her ablaze yesterday as her family members could not meet their dowry demands, they said.
She was rushed to a hospital in serious condition where the victim died during treatment.
On a complaint by victim`s father Veerpal, an FIR has been registered against her husband Munesh, father-in-law Bhure, mother-in-law Katori Devi and sister-in-law Urmila, they said.

None of the accused could be arrested so far. 
PTI 

------------------
Firozabad: A woman was allegedly killed by her husband for dowry in Firozabad district, police said here on Monday.

The body of the victim, identified as Anju, 25, was recovered from her house in Nagla Vishnu locality in Linepar area here after neighbours informed the police yesterday, they said.

A FIR has been lodged in this regard by victim`s father in which he alleged that Anju`s husband, Kaushal and his family harassed her for dowry.
PTI

------------------
 Deoria (UP): A woman was allegedly killed for dowry in Rampur Karkhana area of the district, police said on Sunday.
 Soni (22) was allegedly killed by her husband Pramod and her in-laws in Baikunthpur village yesterday, they said.
An FIR has been registered in this regard by victim`s father Chandar Prasad, who alleged that her daughter was harassed for dowry.

She was married to Pramod three months back.

No arrests have been made, police said, adding further investigations are on. 
PTI

------------------

------------------
 why are we even helping these people?

------------------

------------------

------------------
Hoshiarpur: A 21-year-old woman allegedly committed suicide by hanging herself from a ceiling today over the frequent harassment by her in-laws for dowry.

Neeru was married with Satish Kumar, a resident of Lasara village, about 3 years ago, police said.

According to the complaint, Satish, his brother Pradeep Kumar, father Devi Dayal, mother Nimo and sister Parampreet Kaur tortured Neeru for dowry.
A case has been registered against all accused under relevant sections of IPC and Satish was arrested, police said.
PTI

------------------
Jamui: In a shocking incident, a man allegedly pushed his wife and son into a village well in Bihar`s Jamui district on Tuesday over dowry, leading to their deaths, police sources said.

Apparently infuriated with his in-laws for not meeting his dowry demands, the accused, Sanjay Yadav, pushed his wife Dulari Devi (22) and son Anand Kumar (10 months) into a well at his wife`s parental home under Chandramandi police station, the sources said.
The mother-son duo drowned in the well from where their bodies were later recovered and sent for post-mortem.

The deceased woman`s brother Pardeshi Yadav has lodged a named FIR against his brother-in-law and his parents charging them with the murder of his sister and nephew for greed of dowry, the sources said, adding that Sanjay is absconding. 
PTI

------------------
Lucknow: A man stabbed his wife to death on Monday over non-fulfilment of his dowry demands, police said.

Bhola stabbed his wife Aarti several times with a kitchen knife in the Mall area after a brief altercation, police said.
He was arrested on the basis of a complaint filed by Aarti`s family under the dowry prohibition law, police said.

Superintendent of Police (Rural) Saumitra Yadav said that the accused married Aarti, a resident of Hardoi, an year back and had been harassing her over dowry since then.
The woman had complained to her kin about her being beaten frequently over dowry but the matter was settled between the families, police said.
IANS

------------------
Meerut: A woman was allegedly burnt alive by her in-laws over dowry demands in the Dorala area in Meerut, police said on Wednesday.

The victim was allegedly first beaten up by her in-laws on Monday morning before they poured kerosene on her and set her ablaze, police said.
She was then admitted to a private hospital where she died on Monday night, they said.
The alleged dowry amount sought by the victim`s in-laws was Rs 8 lakh, it is learnt.

A cousin of the victim`s has registered a complaint of dowry death against the husband, father-in-law and mother-in-law of the victim. The victim has a two-month-old girl with her husband, police said.
No arrests have been made in the case yet, police said, adding that the victim`s body has been handed over to her family members following a post-mortem.
PTI

------------------
Phagwara: A woman, upset over persistent dowry demands by her husband, allegedly committed suicide by hanging herself to death at her parents` house in Khalwargate area, police said on Friday.

Following the complaint, police have registered a case against the husband of the 38-year-old Neeru Bala, who died on Thursday.
Victim`s mother Shashi Bala alleged that Neeru`s husband Mischal Sardana had been harassing her by demanding dowry, despite paying the amount to him twice in the past.
"Tormented by the demand, Neeru came from her in-laws house at Ludhiana to her parents home here a week ago," the mother said.
"Here too, her husband kept harassing her by ringing her up about the money," alleged the mother.
"Unable to bear the mental torture, Neeru took the extreme step. She committed suicide on Thursday (yesterday) in her house," said mother.

We have conducted raids at Neeru`s in-laws` house in Ludhiana but all the members, including her husband, were at large and the house was found locked, police said.
PTI

------------------
Mumbai: Questioning the one-day delay in filing of FIR against a man and his parents for murdering the wife for dowry, the Bombay High Court has granted them bail and said the delay in the filing of FIR needed explanation.

The division bench of Justices VK Tahilramani and PD Kode was hearing appeals and bail applications filed by Sadhu Amrale and his parents, convicted by the sessions court for the murder of Sadhu`s wife, Minakshi.
According to the prosecution, the three set Minakshi on fire on January 10, 2011. Before succumbing to the injuries in the hospital on the same day, she narrated the incident to her mother.
The FIR was lodged the next day of the incident. The lower court convicted Sadhu and his parents on the basis of Minakshi`s `dying declaration` to her mother.
The HC last week granted them bail saying one-day delay in the filing of FIR needed explanation.

"There is a delay in lodging the FIR. This delay has not been satisfactorily explained. Prime facie this delay in lodging FIR raises serious doubt regarding the prosecution case because the conviction is only depending on one dying declaration made by Minakshi to her mother," the High Court said, ordering release of the three applicants on bail against a surety of Rs 25,000 each. 
PTI 

------------------
New Delhi: A 24-year-old pregnant woman was strangled allegedly by her jobless husband who surrendered before investigators on Sunday with police suspecting it to be a case of dowry death.

 The incident was reported from Najafgarh last night and the deceased has been identified as Pinky.
 Vicky (30) surrendered before police this morning.
 Pinky`s family alleged that Vicky used to beat her for dowry, police said.
 Vicky said that he had a heated argument with his wife, who was four-month pregnant, and after she went to sleep, he strangled her, police claimed.

 The couple had a three-year-old daughter.
PTI

------------------
New Delhi: A young woman allegedly committed suicide in a south-west Delhi metro station by consuming acid, following which three persons, including her husband, were arrested on Sunday on charges of dowry death, police said.

Newly married Shilpi, who lived in Rajouri Garden with her husband Deepak Sapra, consumed acid in Dwarka metro station last night, police said.

She died in a hospital, they said. Her family alleged that she was harassed for dowry.
On the statement of the victim`s brother, a case under sections relating to dowry death was registered, they said.
Deepak, his brother Yogesh and mother Usha were arrested.
PTI

------------------
 Jaunpur (UP):  A 24-year-old woman was allegedly strangulated to death by her husband and in-laws for dowry here, police said on Wednesday.

 The incident took place at Kaddupur Khiri village last night, they said.
The action was taken on a complaint filed by the father of the victim, identified as Sangita, they said.
The husband and in-laws are absconding, police said.
According to a police complaint filed by Sangeeta`s father, his daughter`s husband Mahendra Yadav, brother-in-law Manoj, sister-in-law Sangita and two others killed her for dowry.

Mahendra is posted in Army and returned home around one- and-a-half months back, they said. 
PTI

------------------
Faridabad: A teacher of an engineering college was on Saturday killed allegedly by her in-laws in Sector 23 area here, police said.


A case of dowry death has been registered against her in-laws and husband, police said, adding that three persons, the in-laws and one of their relatives have been arrested.
Niti got married to Naresh in 2012, and according to the complaint filed by her father, she was being constantly harassed by her in-laws for dowry.
PTI

------------------
Bhubaneswar: The district and sessions court on Friday granted bail to Raja Shree Mohanty, son of former Odisha minister Raghunath Mohanty, over a fortnight after he was arrested for allegedly torturing his wife for dowry, his lawyer said.

The district and sessions judge at the district headquarters town of Balasore, V Jayashree, granted bail on condition that Mohanty not leave the state without permission from the court, and co-operate with the police in investigations, lawyer Gouri Kumar Barik told a news agency.
In her complaint at a police station in Balasore, about 220 km from here, Barsa Swony Choudhury alleged that she had been physically and mentally tortured by her husband Raja Shree since their wedding in June 2012.
She also alleged that her father-in-law Raghunath, mother-in-law Pritilata, sister-in-law Rupashree and other family members were also involved in the crime.
She claimed that her parents had given Rs 10 lakh at the time of the marriage, as was demanded, but her husband and family-in-law were unhappy, insisting that her parents pay Rs 25 lakh and also give them a multi-utility vehicle.
While Raja Shree was arrested March 17, his parents were arrested from Kolkata March 30. Another local court had granted bail to the parents April 2.
Raja Shree`s father Raghunath Mohanty is a five-time legislator from Basta constituency in Balasore district, who resigned from the state cabinet March 15, a day after his daughter-in-law lodged a complaint with the police against her husband and members of his family. 

Mohanty, 64, had been holding the portfolios of law, urban development and information technology.
IANS

------------------
Balasore (Odisha): A local court on Wednesday deferred hearing of the bail petition of dowry torture accused Raja Shree Mohanty, son of former minister Raghunath Mohanty, till tomorrow.

District Sessions Judge V Jayashree postponed the hearing as Raja Shree`s lawyer sought time to furnish some documents relating to the bail application.
The judge, who took up the bail petition under section 439 of CrPC, adjourned the proceedings following a time petition filed by the petitioner, said Niranjan Panda, Raja Shree Mohanty`s advocate.
Raja Shree, who was arrested by the Human Rights Protection Cell on March 17 near Cuttack for allegedly torturing his wife for dowry, was produced before the SDJM court on March 18 and remanded to judicial custody at Balasore for 14 days after his bail plea was rejected by the court.
His subsequent bail applications on March 21 and 25 were also rejected and on March 30 his remand period in the judicial custody was extended to further 14 days by the court.
Raja Shree`s bail petitions had been rejected on the ground that other accused persons had not been arrested by that time.
The ex-minister and his wife, who were arrested, spent three nights in jail before being released on bail yesterday.
Raghunath Mohanty, his wife Pritilata and son Raja Shree were arrested on the basis of an FIR lodged by Raja Shree`s wife Barsa Swony Choudury on March 14.
Two other accused - Mohanty`s daughter Rupashree and son-in-law Subhendu Madhual - are yet to be traced.
Barsa, who had married Raja Shree in June last year, had accused Mohanty`s family members in her FIR of demanding Rs 25 lakh and a luxury vehicle as dowry and torturing her physically and mentally.

Mohanty, who resigned from Naveen Patnaik`s ministry on March 15 following the dowry torture case, was subsequently removed as vice-president from the ruling BJD. 
PTI 

------------------
Bhubaneswar: Chief Minister Naveen Patnaik on Sunday said law will take its own course regarding the dowry torture case, in which former minister Raghunath Mohanty and some his family members are accused.

 "As you know, law will take its course in the matter," Patnaik told reporters here on his return from a five-day visit to Delhi, when asked about Mohanty`s daughter Rupashree and son-in-law Subhendu Madhual, who are absconding.
Patnaik`s comment comes a day after Mohanty, the former Law minister who had resigned on March 15, and his wife Pritilata were arrested from the Shalimar locality in Howrah district of West Bengal by the Human Rights Protection Cell (HRPC) of the Odisha Police.
 On a possible political vacuum in Mohanty`s home district, Balasore, after his arrest and removal from party post, Patnaik said "We will certainly look into the matter".
Both Mohanty`s daughter and son-in-law are among the five accused named in the dowry torture case filed by Mohanty`s daughter-in-law Barsa Swony Choudhury at Balasore Town police station on March 14.
 Barsa`s husband Raja Shree was arrested near Cuttack on March 17 and is in judicial custody.
 Stating that she was now happy to some extent, Barsa had yesterday said that the remaining two accused should also be arrested and had alleged that the Mohanty family had demanded Rs 25 lakh and a luxury vehicle among other things as dowry.
 She also accused her husband of having extra-marital affairs.

 A case had been registered against the five under section 498(A) (Husband or relative of husband of a woman subjecting her to cruelty), 506 (criminal intimidation), 448 (trespass) and 34 (common intention) of IPC and section 4 of Dowry Prohibition Act. 
PTI

------------------
Dehradun: A local court in Uttarakhand has sentenced a man to life imprisonment for killing his wife for dowry six years ago.

Pauri District and Sessions Judge Kumkum Rani sentenced Vinod Kumar to life in prison as he pleaded guilty for killing his wife in a fit of rage after a quarrel with her for dowry in October 2007.
The judge also imposed a fine of Rs 25,000 on him.

The body of Vinod`s wife Lakshmi, who had gone missing after the tiff with her husband, was recovered from the banks of the Ganga a few days after the crime. 
PTI

------------------
 Jind: A newly-wed women allegedly committed suicide by hanging herself in Khedi Masania village here over dowry demand, police said on Saturday.
 On the complaint made by the victim`s parents, a case has been registered against her husband and three in-laws, they said.

 20-year-old Kavita was married to Suresh about six months back, and her body was spotted hanging in her room yesterday, police said.
 Samudra, the victim`s father, alleged that her in-laws frequently harassed her over dowry demand.

 After post mortem, the body was handed over to her parents, police said. 
PTI

------------------
 Bhubaneswar: Unable to persuade former Odisha Law minister and dowry torture accused Raghunath Mohanty to surrender, ruling BJD on Friday asked him to respect law of the land or face consequences.
 "Through media, I will like to request Raghunath Mohanty to cooperate with the law before the matter gets further complicated," government Deputy Whip Sanjay Dasburma told reporters.

 Dasburma`s appeal to Mohanty, who is on run, came three days after BJD chief whip Pravat Tripathy appealed to the ex-minister to surrender. Tripathy had also said Mohanty should give himself up immediately in the interest of BJD.
 Raghunath Mohanty, who resigned as a minister on March 15, a day after his daughter-in-law Barsa Swony Choudhury lodg an FIR against him and his family members, remained incommunicado. Mohanty`s petitions seeking legal protection against arrest was also turned down by the High Court.
 Barsa had alleged that she was tortured physically and mentally at the house of Mohanty for dowry. "My father-in-law (Mohanty) was instrumental in the torture on me," she has said.
 Besides being a long time MLA and a minister, Mohanty was also a vice-president of BJD. The ruling party which initially termed the dowry torture case against Mohanty as a "family affair", later requested him to surrender in the face of growing demand by opposition parties.
 Congress and BJP have targeted Chief Minister Naveen Patnaik and held him responsible for "escape" of Mohanty. "Why the Chief Minister did not ask police to arrest Mohanty after he resigned from ministry on March 15," asked Congress Chief Whip Prasad Harichandan. 
With the Chief Minister accused of shielding Mohanty, BJD deputy whip Dasburma said, "The Chief Minister during his 13-year tenure has not interfered in the process of law. He has not shielded anyone. His policy of law taking its course is applicable to all including Mohanty."
 The former law minister`s act of keeping in hibernation has caused embarrassment to the ruling party.
 Though Mohanty`s son Raja Shree was arrested and jailed in the dowry torture case, four other accused including Mohanty, his wife Pritilata, daughter Rupasree and son-in-law Suvendu Madhual are yet to be located by police. Mohanty`s official residence here was locked since March 15 and his house at Amrada Road in Balasore was guarded by a cook.

 "We do not have any confirmed information about Mohanty`s whereabouts," a senior police officer said adding police suspected that the ex-law minister might have fled from the state. 
PTI

------------------
Arwal: A woman along with her 11-month-old daughter was today allegedly set ablaze by her husband over dowry, police said.
The 37-year-old woman and her daughter were charred to death by the accused as the victim failed to fulfil his dowry demands, they said.
The accused, a goldsmith, was arrested along with his brother following complaints lodged with the police by the woman`s brother under Prevention of Dowry Act.
PTI

------------------
Berhampur (Odisha): Odisha State Commission for Women (SCW) has ruled out taking up the dowry torture case slapped against former law minister Raghunath Mohanty and his family members by his daughter-in-law Barsa Swony Choudhury.

 "Barsa has not approached us. The human rights protection cell is investigating the case and one of the accused and her husband, Raja Shree, has been arrested. The victim has also said she has full faith in police," commission chairperson Lopamudra Buxipatra said yesterday.
The SCW Chairperson was here to attend a camp court of the Commission.
 While Barsa`s husband Raja Shree Mohanty was arrested by Human Rights Protection Cell on March 14 following the FIR lodged by her on March 17, four others including the ex-minister, his wife, daughter and son-in-law still remain untraced.
Buxipatra said the commission has disposed of over 3,500 cases related to dowry torture, family disputes and cheating in the last three months since she assumed office in December.
Around 8,500 cases are still pending.

"We are trying to settle the cases by conducting daily hearings and by holding camp courts at different places," she added. 
PTI

------------------
Faridabad: A woman allegedly committed suicide by hanging herself over dowry demands by her in-laws, police said in Faridabad on Wednesday.

The victim`s husband Rajendra, brother-in-law and father-in-law have been arrested on a complaint by the victim`s brother, police said.
Victim`s brother Daulatram has alleged that his sister was being harassed by her in-laws to bring dowry of Rs 50,000 and a motorcycle since her marriage, they said.
In another incident, mutilated body of a young boy was found in Shiv Durga Vihar colony here, police said.
A resident of the area, Vishambhar had complained to police about the body, they said.

A case has been registered and body was sent for the postmortem, they said.
In another incident here, some unidentified armed youths intercepted the car of first year BSc ID student Firoz Ahmed when he was on a drive with his friends, and asked him to hand it over at gun-point, police said.
Case has been lodged and the matter is being probed, they said. 
PTI

------------------
 Bahraich: A man was sentenced to 10 years in jail for killing his wife over dowry demand in 2005.

 Additional Sessions Judge Utkarsh Dwiwedi sentenced Vyas Ojha to 10 years imprisonment and his parents Mathra Prasad and Shanti Devi to seven year jail term for killing Vyas`s wife Reena over dowry demand in 2005.
 The court also imposed a penalty of Rs 6,000 each.

 Reena (24) was killed by the trio in October 2005 in Visheshwarganj area over demand for a motorcycle and Rs 10,000 cash as dowry, prosecution sources said. 
PTI

------------------
Bhubaneswar: Former Orissa Law Minister Raghunath Mohanty and his wife Pritilata Mohanty have moved the state high court seeking anticipatory bail after their son was sent to jail for two weeks in a dowry torture case.

Besides the Mohanty couple, their daughter Raupasree Madhual and son-in-law Suvendu Madhual also sought anticipatory bail from the High Court in Cuttack yesterday in the wake of the ex-Minister`s daughter-in-law slapping a dowry torture case against five family members on March 14.
Mohanty had resigned from the Naveen Patnaik Ministry on March 15, a day after his daughter-in-law Barsa Sowny Choudury filed an FIR in Balasore alleging dowry torture against his family, including her husband Raja Sree Mohanty.
While Raja Sree was arrested near Cuttack and sent to jail for two weeks by a Balasore court yesterday, the former minister and others moved the High Court fearing arrest.
The former minister remained incommunicado. His official residence was locked and mobile phone switched off.
Earlier, the Town Police Station at Balasore on March 14 had registered case against the former minister and others under section 498 (a), 506, 448, 341 of IPC along with section 4 of the Dowry Prevention Act.
Odisha Police`s Human Right Protection Cell (HRPC), investigating into the high profile dowry torture case, said it was verifying evidence against the former minister and others in the case after arresting Raja Sree.
Barsa has demanded arrest of all the five accused including the senior BJD leader. "All the five are equally responsible for torturing me. They all must be put behind bars," she had told reporters.
 Barsa married Raja Sree in June, 2012 and she claimed they never lived like a married couple. "My husband remained away from house since the fourth day of our marriage," she said accusing Raja Sree of having extra marital affairs.
She blamed her father-in-law and family members for the marriage. "They were all aware about Raja Sree`s affair with other women. They should not have spoilt my life by getting me married to their son," Barsa had said.

The Mohanty family, however, refuted the allegation. "To best of my knowledge, my son had no affair with any woman as alleged," Mohanty had told reporters immediately after tendering his resignation on March 15. 
PTI

------------------
New Delhi: The Supreme Court has said that for seeking the conviction of a person accused of causing dowry death, the prosecution has to produce evidence that establishes that the demand for dowry was coupled with acts of harassment and cruelty.

For the court to draw the presumption that the accused had caused the dowry death, the "prosecution has to prove, besides the demand of dowry, harassment or cruelty caused by the accused to the deceased soon before her death", the apex court bench of Justice AK Patnaik and Justice SJ Mukhopadhaya said in a recent judgment.
Speaking for the bench, Justice Patnaik said: "In any case, to hold an accused guilty of both the offences under Sections 304B (dowry death) and 498A (cruelty), IPC, the prosecution is required to prove beyond reasonable doubt that the deceased was subjected to cruelty or harassment by the accused."
The court said this while setting aside the judgment of the Andhra Pradesh High Court and that of the trial court by which husband Vipin Jaiswal was convicted for committing cruelty on wife Meenakshi Jaiswal, who committed suicide April 4, 1999 on account of alleged physical and mental torture for her failure to bring Rs.50,000 from her parental home. 
The trial court had also convicted Vipin`s parents, but they were let off by the high court.
"In our view, the onus was on the prosecution to prove beyond reasonable doubt the ingredient of Section 498A, IPC, and the essential ingredient of offence under Section 498A, that the accused, as the husband of the deceased, has subjected her to cruelty as defined in the Explanation to Section 498A, IPC," the court said.
The apex court said that since the prosecution has not been able to prove beyond reasonable doubt this ingredient of harassment or cruelty, "neither of the offences under Sections 498A and 304B, IPC has been made out by the prosecution".
The court also referred to the suicide chit that Meenakshi had written of her "free will", in which she blamed her own parents and family members for harassing her husband and said that she was taking the step as she was fed up with her life and the frequent quarrels. 

Vipin had told the court that he had found the chit from the dressing table while cleaning the house.
Instead of "disbelieving" the suicide note, the apex court said that the "trial court and the high court could have recorded a finding, one way or the other, by comparing her handwriting and signature with some of her other handwritings and signatures..." or alternately could have sought an expert opinion.
"But unfortunately, neither the trial court nor the high court have resorted to these provisions of the Evidence Act and instead by their own imaginary reasoning, disbelieved the defence of the appellant (Vipin) that the suicide note could not have been written by the deceased."
IANS

------------------
Bhubaneswar: After public outcry and protests by opposition parties, police on Sunday arrested Raja Shree Mohanty, the son of former Odisha minister Raghunath Monahty, on charge of torturing his wife for dowry, an official said.

"Mohanty was taken into custody by the human rights cell of the state police department. He is likely to be produced in court later in the day," a police official told a news agency.
Mohanty has been accused of torturing Barsa Swony Choudhury for dowry ever since he married to her June 2012.
In her complaint filed at the police station in the district headquarters town of Balasore, about 220 km from here, Choudhury alleged that her parents had given Rs.10 lakh as dowry at the time of the marriage, as was demanded. But her father-in-law, husband and the rest of the family members insisted that her parents should pay Rs.25 lakh and a multi-utility vehicle.
The allegation forced her father-in-law Raghunath Mohanty, a five-time legislator from the Basta assembly constituency in Balasore district, resign from the state cabinet Friday. He was holding the portfolios of housing and urban development, law, and information technology.

The incidents had triggered state-wide protests with opposition parties demanding the arrest of the minister and his family members.
IANS

------------------
Bhubaneswar: Former Odisha law minister Raghunath Mohanty, against whom a dowry torture case was slapped by his daughter-in-law, remained incommunicado on Saturday as the demand for his arrest grew louder.

 His son Rajasree Mohanty, who had married barely eight months ago, moved an anticipatory bail petition in the Orissa High Court.
 The senior Mohanty, who resigned yesterday, was neither seen at the assembly nor at his residence while his mobile phone remained switched off and it was reported that he had gone into hiding last night.
 The Odisha Assembly was stalled for the second consecutive day with Congress MLAs storming the well demanding Mohanty`s arrest and a debate in the House on rising atrocities on women.
 Citing the police case registered against Mohanty in Balasore following a FIR lodged by his daughter-in-law Barsha Sony Choudhury, the Congress members demanded a debate through an adjournment motion on rising atrocities against women in the state.
 The Congress members trooped into the well and tried to climb onto Speaker Pradip Kumar Amat`s table shouting slogans against the government.
 Leader of Opposition Bhupinder Singh told reporters that he wanted to know why the case against Mohanty was handed over to the Human Rights Protection Cell (HRPC) of the police for investigation.
Congress Chief Whip Prasad Harichandan claimed that the government had handed over the case to HRPC to cause delay and give time to Mohanty to destroy evidence against him and his family.
 BJP woman`s wing leader Surama Padhi said "They handed over the probe just to shield the Mohanty family."
 Senior BJD leader and Parliamentary Affairs minister Kalpataru Das, however, claimed that the HRPC had been ordered to investigate the case to maintain transparency.
 "We belive that Mohanty`s family could influence the local police. Therefore, a HRPC probe will be more accurate and neutral," Das claimed.
 Opposition Congress, BJP and left outfits like AIDWA, SFI and DYFI hit the streets at the state capital, Cuttack and Balasore demanding immediate arrest of Mohanty.
 BJP workers demonstrated before the collector`s office at Cuttack, while partymen burnt an effigy of Mohanty at a rally in Balasore.
 Congress workers also staged demonstrations.

 Mohanty`s daughter-in-law has filed an FIR against him, her mother-in-law Pritilata, her husband Rajasree and other members of the family accusing them of demanding Rs 25 lakh and a Scorpio car.
PTI

------------------
Bhubaneswar: The daughter-in-law of former Odisha law minister Raghunath Mohanty on Saturday called for the immediate arrest of her husband and in-laws over allegations of torture for dowry.

"I demand arrest of my in-laws who subjected me to severe mental and physical torture for dowry," Barshasony Choudhury, who had married Mohanty`s son Rajasree in June last year, told reporters after recording of her statement before the Human Rights Protection Cell (HRPC) of the police.
Stating that she would be happy after seeing them (in-laws) behind bars, Barshasony said she alone knew the trauma she had undergone over dowry.
"I have been subjected to both physical and mental harassment by my in-laws and husband," Barshasony said.
Mohanty had yesterday resigned from the Naveen Patnaik Cabinet a few hours after Barshasony lodged a complaint at the Balasore Town Police Station.
She has alleged that her in-laws subjected her to torture on their demand of Rs 25 lakh cash and a Scorpio vehicle.
"I will fully cooperate with the investigation. But they must be arrested and sent to jail immediately," Barshasony said.
She added that she had given a full account of her time at her in-laws` house after marriage.
The HRPC team led by DSP Subal Kar recorded Barshasony and her parents` statements at their Balasore residence.
"The family members of complainant Barshasony have fully cooperated with the team in the investigation process," Kar said.
Meanwhile, her husband Rajasree has moved Odisha High Court seeking anticipatory bail.

The former law minister did not attend Assembly today and nor could he be contacted over phone. 
PTI 

------------------
Muzaffarnagar: A pregnant woman, wife of a Delhi Police constable, was allegedly hanged to death by her husband and in-laws over dowry demand, police said on Saturday.

 Monika, wife of constable Mohit Kumar, was killed by her husband and in-laws in Etawah village yesterday.
Police has arrested victim`s father-in-law Sahiram and his wife.
 An FIR has also been registered against six persons in this regard.
Victim`s father Omsingh in his complaint had alleged that Monika`s in-laws were demanding dowry for a long time.

 Monika and Mohit were married last year in February. 
PTI

------------------
Bhubaneswar: The Odisha Assembly was on Friday stalled over the resignation of Raghunath Mohanty as Law and Urban Development Minister, accused in dowry case, as Congress MLAs stormed into the well demanding his arrest.

As soon as the House assembled for the day, Opposition Congress members were on their toes demanding a statement by Chief Minister Naveen Patnaik on the matter involving an FIR registered against Mohanty following allegation of dowry torture levelled by his daughter-in-law.
With uproarious scenes persisting, Speaker Pradip Kumar Amat adjourned the House till 11:30 am.
When the House reassembled, the Chief Minister in a statement informed the members that the case against Mohanty has been handed over to the Human Rights Protection Cell for investigation.
Patnaik said Mohanty tendered his resignation on moral grounds consequent upon registration of FIR at Balasore to ensure free and fair investigation.
Congress legislators were up in arms after Chief Minister`s statement with party MLA S S Saluja asking the government to clearly spell out the steps being taken.
Saluja said Mohanty should be arrested if the charges against him are found correct. In case the allegations are false, appropriate action must be initiated against the complainant, he said.
Describing the developments as unfortunate, BJD MLA and former minister Pradip Maharathy said there was no need to discuss the sensitive issue in the House in details.
As leader of opposition Bhupinder Singh and Congress chief whip Prasad Harichandan were not given an opportunity to speak on the matter, Congress members trooped into the well shouting slogans and demanding Mohanty`s arrest.
Congress members also wanted to know as to why the case was handed over to human rights protection cell.

Amid din, the House was first adjourned till 12.45 pm and then up to 3 pm due to uproar. 
PTI 

------------------
 Azamgarh (Uttar Pradesh): A woman was allegedly poisoned to death by her husband and in-laws over dowry in Naupur village in Atraulia area here, police said.
According to the police complaint filed by the victim`s father, Sunita Gaur (40) was regularly harassed by her husband and her in-laws over monetary demands and was poisoned by them for failing to meet them.


 The case is being investigated, police said. 
PTI

------------------
Muzaffarnagar: A woman was allegedly strangulated to death over a dowry dispute by her in-laws, police said in Muzaffarnagar on Monday. Frah Begum was killed on Sunday at Amba Vihar, they said.
Police has registered a case against six persons, including the woman`s husband Mohd. Arif, father-in-law Tanveer and mother-in-law Khushnooda in this connection.
The victim`s father has lodged an FIR and alleged that his daughter was strangulated to death and buried in a graveyard without informing them and the police.
PTI

------------------
 Bhadohi (Uttar Pradesh): A 23-year-old woman was allegedly set ablaze for dowry in Aurai area of the district.
 The victim`s father, in his complaint, alleged that her daughter`s in-laws had been harassing her for dowry ever since her marriage in 2011, police said.


 A case has been lodged against the woman`s husband and mother-in-law and efforts are on to nab both the absconding accused, they said. 
PTI

------------------
 Faridabad: A case has been registered against a man and his two family members for allegedly torturing his wife over dowry in Faridabad district, police said here on Saturday.
 A complaint was made by Afroz yesterday against her husband Tasleem, mother-in-law Sameena and brother-in-law Asif.

 Afroz had alleged in her FIR that she was tortured ever since her marriage took place in April 27, 2009.
 She alleged that they had threatened her with dire consequences if she did not give them a car and a plot of land.

 Police have registered a case in the matter and investigations are on. 
PTI

------------------
Meerut: A 22-year-old newlywed woman allegedly committed suicide by hanging herself on Friday in Nauchandi area of the district, police said.
The deceased identified as Pinky, a resident of Shastri Nagar in Nauchandi area, was married to Pawan (26) on January 23.

 These days she was staying at her parent`s house in Shastri Nagar, ASP City Om Prakash said.
 Pinky`s parents found her body hanging from the ceiling fan in her room this morning and immediately informed the police about it.

 The body has been sent for post mortem, Prakash said, adding, investigations are on to ascertain the reason behind the suicide.
 PTI

------------------
Mumbai: Observing that evidence was not supporting the prosecution`s case, the Bombay High Court has set aside a lower court judgement sentencing a city resident to seven-year rigorous imprisonment under section 304 B(1) of IPC for the death of his wife due to burn injuries.
     The lower court had held the husband guilty under section 304 B(1) of IPC where the death of a woman is caused by any burns or bodily injury or occurs otherwise than under normal circumstances within seven years of her marriage and shown that soon before her death she was subjected to cruelty or harassment by her husband or any relative of her husband  in connection with or any demand for dowry.

 However, Justice R C Chavan upheld the lower court`s order finding Manohar Patil guilty for offences of `cruelty` under section 498-A of IPC and abetment of suicide under section 306 of IPC for which he has to undergo three years` RI.
 The high court agreed with the trial judge that the appellant abetted commission of suicide by the victim and held that his conviction for this offence punishable under section 306 of IPC would have to be maintained.
 The victim married Patil on May 13, 1990. In the marriage there was a demand of certain articles which included a wrist watch. While the demand for a gold ring was fulfilled, the watch, however, had not been supplied. This led to ill-treatment to the victim at the hands of the appellant.
 On May 29, the victim came to her brother`s house and told her family about the ill-treatment meted out to her by her husband. On June 13, 1990, when the victim`s family members had gone to the see her, they found that the victim had burn injuries on her body. They were told that she was subjected to cruelty.
The victim committed suicide on June 25 by setting her afire and later succumbed to the injuries.
 The judge held that there was no doubt that evidence on record shows that the appellant had harassed the victim on account of unlawful dowry demand. The evidence also shows that the victim had committed suicide by setting herself on fire within seven years of marriage as laid down under 306 IPC.
 For proving dowry death, it is necessary for the prosecution to establish, apart from these facts, that "soon before" her death, woman had been subjected to cruelty by such person. The term `soon before` has been explained by the Supreme Court in several judgements, the judge said in a recent order.
 The principle that emerges is that there is no fixed formula as to what constitutes "soon before" commission of suicide. However, it may be seen from the evidence on record that last instance of appellant`s having ill-treated victim occurred on 15th June, 1990.
 The evidence of witness Ravindra about his visit to the victim on June 21, 1990, does not show that the victim conveyed any fresh instance of assault to him on that day.

 Therefore, since there is no provision of law which would also warrant presumption to be drawn that the victim was subjected to cruelty "soon before" her death, as far as dowry death is concerned, conviction of the appellant cannot be sustained, the judge held.
 PTI

------------------
Meerut: A man allegedly killed his six months pregnant wife and then committed suicide by hanging himself in Ghaat village in the district, police said on Monday.
Pramod killed Hema and then hanged himself at his house, police said.

 The man`s family cremated the bodies without informing the police, they said.
 The girl`s relatives, however, claimed that she was killed for dowry and that Pramod faked his own death to escape arrest, they said.

 Based on their complaint, a case has been lodged against Pramod and four family members, police said, adding, the matter is being probed. 
PTI

------------------
Aligarh: A 24-year-old woman and her six-month-old son were allegedly burnt to death by an Uttar Pradesh police constable and his family members over dowry demand, police said on Monday.

In the incident which took place on Sunday in Turi Baghuli village in the Iglas police station area, Priya and her infant son were allegedly killed by her husband Pushpendra Sharma and in-laws, who set the victims on fire.
Family members of the victim alleged that Priya, who had married Pushpendra three years back, was of late under pressure from her in-laws to either arrange for a car or ask her parents to give them Rs 4 lakh.

A case has been filed by the victim`s family following which Pushpendra`s father Mahesh Chandra Sharma was arrested last night while Pushpendra, is still absconding, they said. 
PTI

------------------
Hoshiarpur: A woman was strangled to death allegedly by her husband and brother-in-law over dowry in a village here, police said on Sunday.

 Paramjit Kaur was killed by her husband Balbir Singh and his brother Ramjit for dowry in Jangniwal village last night, they said.
 On the complaint made by her father Sarabjit Singh, a resident of Banjerbagh area, a case of murder was registered against the two brothers, police said.
 According to Sarabjit, his daughter, who was married to Balbir about eight years ago, telephoned him last night and told him about the frequent physical torture by her husband and Ramjit for dowry.
Sarabjit claimed that he along with few other residents of the area rushed to Balbir`s residence, where they spotted the two brothers strangulating Paramjit.

 She died on the spot, while Balbir and his brother managed to escape, he added.
 A case has been registered against the two accused, police said adding, efforts are being made to arrest them at the earliest.
PTI

------------------
Kota: A 26-year-old woman was allegedly strangled to death and her body burnt by in-laws over a dowry in Jhawalar district, about 70-kms from here, police said on Saturday.

 Rahina, 26, was strangled to death and in an effort to prove it a case of suicide, the in-laws set her body on fire last evening, Station House Officer Bhawani Mandi Gopichand Meena said.
On the complaint by Rahina`s father, a case under section 302 of IPC (murder) was registered against her husband Salim Khan, father-in-law Shafi Mohammad, brother-in-law Anis and mother-in-law Jubida Bi, the police officer said.

The body has been handed over to her parents after post mortem, he said adding, no one was yet arrested in the matter.
According to autopsy report the woman was strangled to death, medical officer at the Community Health Centre Dr RC Meena said. 
PTI

------------------
Hoshiarpur: A woman allegedly tried to commit suicide by setting herself ablaze after she was repeatedly harassed for dowry by her in-laws in Sham Chaurasi village here, police said on Friday.
22-year-old Mandeep Kaur suffered 85 per cent burn injuries and was admitted to a civil hospital here, they said.

Police has booked her husband Rakesh Kumar and mother-in-law under various sections of the IPC for allegedly demanding dowry.

Mandeep and Rakesh Kumar were married for two years. Police said Rakesh and his mother used to torture the victim to bring more dowry from her parents. 
PTI

------------------
Dehradun: The Uttarakhand police on Tuesday honoured a girl for her bold refusal to marry a man whose family was demanding a dowry from her parents.

 Kavita was to tie the knot with Mukesh on November 29 but in the course of a pre-wedding ritual on November 25, the man`s family demanded a dowry of Rs 1 lakh from the girl`s parents, who expressed their inability to pay the amount.
 This angered Kavita`s prospective in-laws who threatened to snap the marriage deal if they did not receive the amount, police said.
 Kavita then broke her silence and refused to marry into a "greedy" family, they said.
 Praising the girl for her bold step, IG Law and Order Ram Singh Meena offered her a cheque of Rs 5,100, a shawl and a bouquet as a token of appreciation at a simple function here in the presence of senior police officials.

 "Kavita`s brave act of refusal to marry a man from a greedy family is exemplary and should inspire other girls caught in similar situations," Meena said addressing the gathering.
PTI

------------------
Thane: A prospective groom and his parents were arrested for allegedly demanding dowry when the marriage ceremony was just about to begin at a wedding hall in Dombivili township of Thane district, police said on Monday.

 Pravin Prakash Bane (28) was scheduled to get married yesterday to the girl whom he loved.
However, he and his parents allegedly demanded Rs 2 lakh from the girl`s parents even as both the sides had assembled at a marriage hall to begin the wedding ceremony, Vishnu Nagar police station assistant sub-inspector Maruti Bhor said.

When the groom and his family refused to budge from their demand, the irked relatives of the bride then caught hold of the groom, a software engineer, and thrashed him before taking him and his parents to the police station.
Later, a complaint was lodged following which Pravin and his parents - Prakash Bane and Chayyan Bane - were arrested. 
PTI

------------------
Nizamabad (AP): A police constable allegedly killed his wife and daughter here over dowry demand, police said on Sunday.

Constable T Venkatesh, attached to Tadwai police station under Kamareddy sub-division, hit his 28-year-old wife Vanaja and seven-year-old daughter with a blunt weapon at their house late last night causing multiple head-injuries following which both of them died on the spot.
The accused then fled from the house, police said.
Venkatesh, a habitual drunkard, who was earlier suspended on three occasions on charge of quarrelling with others, got married to Vanaja in 2003 and allegedly started harassing and beating her demanding dowry for the past five years, Nizamabad Circle Inspector N Saidulu told a news agency.
"The two bodies were lying in a pool of blood. Venkatesh is absconding since the incident," Saidulu said.
A case was booked under sections 302 (murder) and 498A (husband or relative of husband of a woman subjecting her to cruelty) of IPC and a hunt has been launched to nab the culprit, he added.

A relative of the deceased alleged that Venkatesh repeatedly harassed Vanaja for more dowry despite being given Rs 2 lakh cash and a vehicle. 
PTI

------------------
Kakinada: A woman committed suicide by hanging herself after being allegedly harassed for dowry by her husband and in-laws, police said.

Yadala Kumary (22), who got married to Kondababu (26) about eight months back, hanged herself at home in Buchaiahpet village of Thondangi mandal on Saturday.
Her parents alleged their daughter was driven to take the extreme step as she was harassed and humiliated for dowry by her husband and in-laws.
The woman`s husband, who works in a hatchery, is absconding, police said.

The body was sent for postmortem while further investigation was on, police added. 
PTI 

------------------
Rewari: A 22-year-old woman was allegedly
killed for dowry in Khandora village of the district, police said on Monday.

 Body of Manju Yadav was found hanging from ceiling of her room yesterday.
 On a complaint filed by father of the deceased, police today booked her husband Ajay Yadav, father-in-law Laxmi Chand and mother-in-law Rewati Devi.
In his complaint, Tej Ram alleged that Manju got married to Ajay over two years ago and was persistently harassed for dowry by her in-laws.
 He alleged that Manju was killed by them yesterday.

 Manju is survived by a one-year-old daughter. 
PTI

------------------
Firozabad: A woman was burnt alive allegedly by her husband for dowry in Narkhi area here on Saturday.

22-year-old Samanshri was allegedly set afire by her husband Dharmveer this morning, police said.
She was rushed to a hospital where she succumbed to injuries after giving her statement to the magistrate.

Police have launched a manhunt to nab the accused after lodging an FIR on complaint of the victim`s family. 
PTI

------------------
New Delhi: A 44-year-old man has been sentenced to five years in jail by a Delhi court for trying to kill his wife for her failure to bring sufficient dowry.

 Additional Sessions Judge Yashwant Kumar held Vishav Kumar Aggarwal, a private tutor by profession, guilty of attempting to murder his wife as he remained a "mute spectator" to his mother`s attempt to burn his wife to death.
 "Convict Vishav Kumar Aggarwal is sentenced to two years rigorous imprisonment under section 498A (husband or relative of husband of a woman subjecting her to cruelty) of the IPC with fine of Rs 5,000.
 "The convict is further sentenced to five years rigorous imprisonment under section 307 (attempt to murder) of the IPC with fine of Rs 35,000," the court said.
The judge also directed that "out of the total fine amount of Rs 40,000, a sum of Rs 35,000 shall be given to the wife as compensation for her sufferings and trauma."
 The court did not hold the convict`s parents, also accused in the case, guilty as they had died during the pendency of the trial.
 The court refused to release the accused on probation saying "the convict Vishav no doubt was standing nearby the victim as a silent spectator while his mother (since dead) was pouring kerosene oil upon her."
 "Therefore, Vishav cannot be given benefit under the Probation of Offenders Act in such offence."
 According to the prosecution, the couple were married in February 2000. The bride lived with Vishav in his parental home in North West Delhi.
 The prosecution added that despite four years of marriage, Vishav and his parents used to pester her to bring more money and house holds goods from her parents and as she failed to bring in more dowry, she was set ablaze one day by her mother-in-law in 2004.

 The counsel for the convict had sought a lenient view in the sentencing saying he was supporting himself and paying maintenance to his wife and daughter, living separately from him after the incident. 
PTI

------------------
Nagpur: An IRS officer has been booked for allegedly making an obscene video of his wife and using it to blackmail her for dowry, police said thursday.

 Bangalore resident Nishwant Davrajan Kullulathil, an Indian Revenue Service officer, was booked yesterday along with his mother and sister under relevant sections of Domestic Violence, Sexual Offence and Dowry Prohibition Act, Gittikhadan police said.
 Nishwant`s wife, an assistant income tax officer, lodged a complaint with police here yesterday that on February 6 and September 3 earlier this year, her husband allegedly sodomised her in her hostel room in Nagpur and took videos of it.
 He allegedly threatened to post the obscene videos on the internet if she did not give him Rs 10 lakhs.
 The victim further alleged that her mother-in-law and sister-in-law also tortured her mentally and physically for dowry.

 A police team has been sent to Bangalore to apprehend Nishwant and his family for probe in the case, police added.
 PTI 

------------------
New Delhi: In a move to put greater onus of culpability on dowry takers, the government is amending a law to enhance punishment for such people from five to seven years in jail while reducing the penalty on dowry givers as they are "often vulnerable".
    According to the amendments mooted to the Dowry Prohibition Act, failure to maintain a list of gifts, including jewellery, exchanged during marriage will also now be punishable with a jail term from six months to one year. The list has to be signed by the two parties and handed over to the dowry prohibition officer.

 A woman who files case under the Dowry Act, can also seek relief under the Domestic Violence Act and the case can be filed from not only where the crime was committed but also from elsewhere.
 The punishment for dowry-takers is proposed to be from five to seven years in jail. At present the punishment is five years imprisonment with a fine of Rs 15,000.
 At the same time, the jail term for those found guilty of giving dowry is proposed to be reduced to one year from five years. This is being done as "parents of women are often vulnerable", according to a note circulated by the Women and Child Development Ministry to women MPs.
 With a woman being allowed to file case from her permanent or temporary residence, she will get the freedom to approach authorities from her parents` residence too.

 The amendments also seek to include the victim`s parents or relatives in the definition of `aggrieved persons`.
PTI

------------------
Rewari: A young woman was allegedly set on fire by her in-laws over dowry demands, police said on Monday.

The incident took place yesterday at Jhajjar Road colony here, they said.
The woman, identified as Usha Devi (27), was admitted to Safdarjung hospital in Delhi, police said.
The victim`s father has lodged a case of attempt to murder and dowry harassment against his daughter`s husband Krishan Kumar and in-laws.

Usha got married to Krishan in February 2010 and they have a 11-month-old son. 
PTI 

------------------
 New Delhi: A Delhi court has ordered the police to register a case against a man and his family members for allegedly harassing and beating his wife. 

 Metropolitan Magistrate Pooja Talwar said "a prima facie offence" is made out against the man and his family members and directed the police to lodge an FIR against them. 
 "Considering the facts and circumstances of the case, I am of the view that prima facie, an offence of cognisable nature is made out for which an FIR is warranted and the matter should be properly investigated by the police. 
 "Accordingly, the SHO concerned is directed to register the FIR against the accused persons under the relevant provisions of law within 20 days and investigate the matter properly," the magistrate said. 
 The court also directed the police to file a compliance report of its order on July 25. 
 The woman had approached the court saying she had married Imran khan, a South East Delhi resident, in October 2010 and was given sufficient articles by her parents in the marriage. 
 She alleged that barely a few months after their marriage, Khan and his family members started demanding dowry.
She told the court that her in-laws would demand Rs five lakh from her and when her parents failed to meet their demands, they started harassing her. 

 "The complainant was made a victim of beatings, abuses, sexual and mental harassment by respondents (in-laws). All the jewellery and stridhan are still in possession of the accused and have not been returned," the woman said in her complaint. 
PTI 

------------------
Badaun (UP): A woman was on Sunday beaten to death allegedly by her husband over dowry in Sundernagar village near here.
Pushpa died after her husband allegedly assaulted her as she failed to meet his dowry demands, police said.
The victim`s husband, Suresh, has been arrested and a murder case registered against him, they added.
PTI

------------------
Naawada: In a bizarre incident, a girl was burnt alive by unidentified persons after she refused to marry a man who demanded dowry at Bhadauni village in Bihar`s Naawada district on Wednesday, police said.

Sources revealed that the girl had refused to marry a man following dowry demand, police said.

Unidentified persons then overpowered her, sprinkled kerosene and set her on fire, the sources said.
The injured girl was later admitted to a government hospital here where she succumbed to serious burn injuries, they said.
PTI

------------------
New Delhi: A Central Reserve Police Force (CRPF) trooper`s wife was found hanging from a ceiling fan inside her in-law`s residence in south Delhi Thursday morning, police said. Her family members have registered a case of dowry death.

Kalpana, 26, a resident of Uttar Pradesh`s Rae Bareli, was found hanging from her room in her in-law`s house in Meethapur area. Her in-laws took her to a nearby hospital where doctors declared her dead. Hospital authorities then informed police about the incident. 
Kalpana married Sandeep Kumar four years ago and resided with her in-law`s family.
Sandeep Kumar is presently posted at the New Delhi railway station. 
Her brother, Sajjan, registered a police complaint against her in-laws, alleging that she might have been murdered and the death made to seem a suicide. However, her husband`s family denied the allegations.
"She had been tortured for dowry since after her marriage. Her in-laws used to beat her for dowry. Three days before her death she was also beaten up," he alleged in the complaint. 
Kalpana`s family told police that at the time of her marriage, they gave Rs.5 lakh dowry. But, the in-laws` next demand came within few months after her marriage. 

A case of dowry has been registered against victim`s husband, and in-laws and inquiry into the case is on to find out the exact reason behind her death, said a police official. 
IANS

------------------
Zeenews Bureau

Mumbai: Marriages are made in heaven- this is what most of us say and believe in. But what about those business transactions that are made under the garb of so called marital union? This is exactly what Aamir Khan discusses on this mega public forum called Satyamev Jayate this Sunday.
After having spoken about female foeticide and child sex abuse in the first and second episode respectively, Aamir Khan raises the very famously practiced tradition of dowry and the scar that it leaves on innocent women.
Not that the Indian society wasnt aware of this awful practice but the way it was dealt with on the show is worth applause.  On one hand there was an outburst of real life cases where women were used as a medium to extract more wealth from her parents while on the other a solution every girl and her family can adopt to keep away from humiliation.
One such community that has shunned the practice of dowry is the Tanzeem Khuddam-E-Millat that believes in No band, no baaja, no baraat and stands by the thought that marriages should be simple. Even Bhiwandi in Maharashtra follows the same practice. The founder of the initiative titled Tanzeem Khuddam-E-Millat applauded Aamir for his noble efforts and being a descendant of Maulana Abul Kalam Azad, a true patriot and an Indian.
However, the shows highlight was a middle class girl from Mumbai who fought all odds to have a non-dowry marriage organized for herself.
Rani Tripathi from Mumbai, dared her prospective husband and in-laws by video-taping their dowry demands and showing it to the public with the help of media. Her family stood by her through thick and thin and decided to get her married to someone who wouldnt ever ask for dowry.
Ranis wedding was dreamlike as she found her life partner, Pawan Tripathi who fell in love with her courage and proposed to her for marriage after sending in an application on seeing her on television.

By bringing Rani on Satyamev Jayate, Aamir has indeed helped a number of women and families to gather courage and take a leaf from her book.
And at the end, Aamir asks if marriages have become business transactions in India where more than a union of two souls, barter takes place which leaves the women wounded.

------------------
Mumbai/Nagpur: The dowry system is driving many farmers of Maharshtra`s Vidarbha region to suicide, a fact which was brought into national focus Sunday on "Satyamev Jayate", Bollywood superstar Aamir Khan`s popular show.

In an interview on the show, Usha Ashtekar, 25, spoke about how her father borrowed from a money-lender but had to repay the loan even before he could get Usha married.
"My father took a loan from a money-lender to get me married. But before he could do so, the money-lender made my father repay the loan by using force. Worried about my marriage plus the bad condition of our farm, he committed suicide two years back," Usha told IANS from her village Sakra in Pandharkawada tehsil of Maharashtra`s Yavatmal district.
"Later, my brother and mother took another loan and spent over Rs.3 lakh on my wedding, bowing down to the needs of my in-laws. But it was all in vain as their demands kept increasing. I had to return to my mother`s home in only three months as I could no longer bear their torture," she added.
Usha, who has been married for over a year, is still staying at her mother`s home and prays that her husband will call her back some day.
"Usha is one of the many cases that have met a similar fate. According to a survey done by the Maharashtra government in 2006, out of 20 lakh households in Vidarbha, around 4 lakh households had daughters of marriageable age," said Kishor Tiwari, President of Vidarbha Jan Andolan Samiti (VJAS), a farmers advocacy group.
"But most of these girls did not get married due to lack of resources. The survey also said that the entire credit chain of these farmers was disturbed as they had to use the loan money in their daughters` marriage instead of using them for betterment of their farms," Tiwari said.

Tiwari pointed out that there has been no such survey in the last six years and that VJAS is planning to demand for a similar survey.
"It is inhuman to ask for dowry, as those seeking dowry are themselves aware of the grave crisis in Vidarbha," Tiwari said.
IANS

------------------
New Delhi: The Women and Child Development Ministry is eliciting views of other ministries before amending the anti-dowry Act, the Rajya Sabha was informed on Thursday.

    "We have sought views from other departments on the issue (proposed amendment to the Dowry Prohibition Act, 1961)," Minister of State for Women and Child Development Krishna Tirath said during Question Hour.
The amendment bill was drafted taking into account the recommendations of the National Commission for Women (NCW).
    However, NCW`s suggestions were opposed by NGOs, she said.
    The NCW had suggested amendment to the definition of dowry, provision of registration of lists of gifts received at the time of marriage, provision of separate penalties for giving and taking of dowry among others, she said.
    Tirath said the NCW held further consultation and provided the minutes of the same to the ministry. Thereafter, the ministry held regional and national consultations on the issue.
    "Currently, the ministry is examining the proposed amendments in the light of the deliberations made in these consultations," she said.

    Replying to a separate question, she said 19 states, including Bihar and Rajasthan, have formulated dowry prohibitive rules on the model circulated by the Centre.
 PTI 

------------------
Salem: Irked over their demands for
more dowry not being met, a man and his parents burnt to death his wife while she was sleeping at their residence,
police said.

They said the 25-year-old man and his parents had been
constantly harassing her for more dowry after the couple got
married six months back. This morning, they doused kerosene on the 18-year-old while she was asleep and set her ablaze, they said.

The man and his parents were arrested based on the dying
declaration of the woman in a hospital, they said. 
PTI

------------------
Ghaziabad: A newly-wed woman was allegedly
burnt to death by her husband and in-laws for dowry in
Pilakhuwa area of this district, police said on Friday.

 The victim`s husband, Pintu, has been arrested who
confessed that his wife, Saroj (26), was set afire last night
as her parents had failed to give more dowry, the police said.

The arrest was made following a complaint by the victim`s
parents, the police said, adding the in-laws are still at
large. 
PTI

------------------
New Delhi: The best comedies always have a subtle streak of tragedy in them. Perhaps that`s why director Kundan Shah, the man behind some of them, including cult classic `Jaane Bhi Do Yaaro`, decided to dwell on a serious subject - dowry suicides by three sisters.

`Teen Behenein` is a film based on a real-life incident in India in 1988 and signifies the importance of holding a mirror to contemporary events.
"Although we, as a country, have a considerable body of documentary work on several of the more memorable moments in our social and political history, there is not too much by way of feature films holding a mirror to events of contemporary relevance," Shekhar Hattangadi, chief associate director on the film, told reporters.
"Here, I don`t mean period films like `Mangal Pandey` or `Asoka`. The genre I`m referring to would include films like `Black Friday`, though with a difference.
"The difference is while `Black Friday` purports to tell you what really happened in terms of the planning, execution and investigation of the Mumbai bomb blasts, `Teen Behenein` only takes the seed of its story from real-life incidents of combined suicides by three sisters, and then builds a narrative around it by attempting to enter the minds of the sisters and thus exploring the probable reasons that would have driven them to their deaths," he added.
The film is based on an incident that occurred in Kanpur in 1988, when three sisters committed suicide due to the inability of their parents to pay their dowries. The suicide made it to the front page of newspapers at the time.
"The research work that we did prior to scripting the film revealed there were at least eight such incidents that were reported from different parts of the country between 1988 and 2002. So the Kanpur tragedy was in fact the first of several others," said Hattangadi.
"It was thus a rare opportunity for us to highlight a little-discussed aspect of a dowry death, which is normally associated with the killing of or suicide by a married woman. We grabbed that opportunity in order to be able to make a film that would be difficult for the big-banner commercial film to contemplate making," he added.
The cast of `Teen Behenein` includes Amrita Subhash, Shiju Kataria, Kadambari Kadam and Anjan Srivastav. The film, made at a budget of approximately Rs.60 lakh, was also screened at the Connecticut Film Festival along with `I Am Kalam`, `West is West` and `Nouka Dubi`. It will now be screened at the India Habitat Centre Oct 23.
"Collaborating on a feature film project with Kundan Shah was exciting and particularly challenging because the two of us had been discussing the possibility of making comedies when this project for making a 100 percent tragic film fell into his lap," said Hattangadi.

"I was intrigued as to how he would accomplish a task that was such a departure for him, as his movies till then had been largely comedies (including his truly wacky comic debut film `Jaane Bhi Do Yaaro` and `Kabhi Haan Kabhi Naa`) -- although the best comedies always have a subtle streak of tragedy in them," he said.
IANS

------------------
Ralawata (Rajasthan): President Pratibha
Patil on Tuesday asked youngsters to help uproot the evil of dowry
and ensure that girls do not face problems in getting married
due to this practice.

Observing that the dowry practice has had a bad effect on
society, she said, "Because of this practice, brilliant girls
from ordinary households face problems in their marriage."
"It is time that this situation changes," she said at the
village here, about 35-kms from district headquarters of
Sikar.
She said young men will have to come forward and take
this challenge as a campaign.
Patil, who was here to unveil a statue of `Maharao
Shekhaji`, a local warrior and founding father of `Shekhawati`
region, described herself as a daughter-in-law of the
`Shekhawati` region.
Noting that the recent Census has shown that there are
only 914 girls as compared to 1000 boys, she said, "This is a
subject of worry and this shows the discrimination towards the
girl child in our society".
"This has led to a peculiar situation and has brought
about deterioration in values and rise in crimes," she said.
"Although our country is developing, the development
process has to be correct," she said, adding the rural
populace should also get the benefits of development.

Patil was accompanied by Rajasthan Governor Shivraj
Patil, Chief Minister Ashok Gehlot, Union Ministers Sachin
Pilot and Jitendra Singh and Congress General Secretary
Digvijay Singh.
PTI 

------------------
Muzaffarnagar: A woman was murdered allegedly
by her in-laws over dowry in Kutesra village of the district,
police said on Thursday.
Khushnuma, wife of Rizwan, was poisoned to death by her
in-laws when her husband was in Saudi Arabia, they said.


An FIR was lodged by the victim`s brother Ayub against
her father-in-law Sharif, mother-in-law Muniba and
brothers-in-law Mehraj and Sartaj, who are all absconding.
In another incident, a 14-year-old Dalit girl Swati,
student of class VIII and daughter of Sushil Kumar, is missing
since September 6 from Nizampur village when she had gone to
her school.
PTI

------------------
Thane: Six members of a family from Rabodi
area here were arrested by Thane police last night on the charges of harassing a woman for dowry, police said Monday.

     Shradda Umesh Ghatge (22) had lodged a complaint against
her in-laws. In the complaint, she alleged that they would
harass her for dowry.
     They had started demanding the house belonging to her
father at Kharigaon Kalwa to be made into their names, police
said.
     However, when she did not oblige, they continued to
inflict pain on her, they added.

     Based on the complaint, police booked six members of the
family including Umesh Ghatge, Rukmani Bajrao Ghatge, Jyoti
Bharat Ghatge, Mahesh Bajirao Ghatge, Sonu Ghatge and Bharat
Bajirao Ghatge. 
PTI 

------------------
Hyderabad: They may be VIPs, celebrities
and high-profile people but their kin are not immune to the
malice called dowry as some of the recent cases in Andhra
Pradesh suggest.
Union Petroleum Minister S Jaipal Reddy`s niece Kiran
Reddy was murdered allegedly by her husband Chaitanya Reddy in
Hyderabad recently and police investigation shows that "dowry
and other benefits" was one of the reasons behind it.
Secunderabad MP Anjan Kumar Yadav`s niece Mayuri too
died under mysterious circumstances and preliminary
investigation by police indicated that she was done to death
for dowry.
Telugu Megastar Chiranjeevi`s daughter Srija, who
eloped with her lover Sirish Bharadwaj in 2007 and married
him, has now filed a police case against her husband and
in-laws alleging that she was being harassed for more dowry.
More than two months after the case was registered,
police were yet to lay their hands on Sirish, the main accused
in the case.
Popular Telugu actress of yesteryears Jamuna`s
daughter Sravanthi is fighting a legal battle with her husband
Rahul for divorce alleging "torture" for dowry.
"These are some of the high-profile cases that hit the
headlines in recent days. Nothing but the lust for money seems
to be the cause behind these cases," a top police officer
observed.
Chaitanya Reddy allegedly forced his in-laws to give
him Rs 15 lakh in cash a couple of months ago. After that he
allegedly started pestering his wife Kiran to sell away a
prime plot of land in the posh Jubilee Hills area, which was
in her name, and even negotiated with some brokers to finalise
a deal. Kiran, however, refused to sign the deal.
Subsequently, Chaitanya allegedly began harassing
Kiran to get a petrol bunk sanctioned in his name using the
offices of Jaipal Reddy. "She refused to oblige even in this
case and this left Chaitanya frustrated. The murder was
apparently a fallout of this," a police officer involved with
the investigation of this high-profile case said.
In Mayuri`s case too the demand for more dowry was
suspected to be the reason behind her death, police said.
"At the time of marriage five years ago, Mayuri`s
parents gave the groom Rs 20 lakh in cash and some gold but he
wanted more," an investigating officer claimed.
Chiranjeevi`s daughter Srija apparently held immovable
property worth several crores of rupees besides bank deposits
in her name when she eloped.
Four years down the line, Srija rushed to police
alleging that she was being tortured by her husband and
in-laws for money. The city police failed to crack the case
though they interrogated Sirish`s parents. They could not even
track Sirish even as the Supreme Court rejected his
anticipatory bail plea.
"We are still on his hunt," was the only answer a
police official of the Hyderabad Central Crime Station,
investigating the case, would give when questioned about
Sirish.
PTI

------------------
Chandigarh: Four people, including a woman, were booked on Friday in a case of dowry death in Punjab`s Zirakpur town, police said.
Gagandeep Kaur, 26, who was recently married to Kulwant Singh, was found dead at her in-law`s house at Himmatgarh Dhakola village near Zirakpur, 10 km from state capital Chandigarh, late on Thursday.
"We had sent the body for post-mortem. The report said Gagandeep died of strangulation," police officer Yogi Raj said.
"We have booked four people on the basis of a written complaint submitted by Sukhdev Singh, father of the deceased," he added.
The accused who have been booked for dowry death are the victim`s husband, mother-in-law, sister-in-law`s husband and another relative.
"Sukhdev said Kulwant and his family members were harassing his daughter to bring more dowry. She was not even allowed to go to her parents` home. Our investigation is on and very soon we will arrest the accused," the police officer said.
IANS

------------------
Basti: A woman was allegedly killed by her in-laws for dowry in Valtarganj area here, police said.
28-year-old Pushpa Devi was burnt alive by her in-laws on June 26 after their dowry demands were not met, they said. Following a complaint by her family members, an FIR was registered on Thursday against her husband and in-laws, police said.
PTI

------------------
Bareilly: A man shot dead his wife`s brother
after his dowry demand was not met in Uttar Pradesh`s Pilibhit
district, police said here on Thursday.
The incident took place yesterday at Mohammad Farooq
area. The man identified as Brijesh shot at his brother-in-
law Vikky after he expressed his inability to fulfill his
dowry demand, they said.
Vikky was rushed to a nearby hospital where he was
declared brought dead, police said, adding that search is on
to nab the accused who fled after committing the crime.
PTI

------------------
Faridabad:  A married woman was found dead
in her in-laws home in Amipur Sidola village in the district
here and her family members alleged that she was killed over
dowry, police said. 

 Dayawati, who was married to Palwal resident Vinod for
about 15 years, was found dead in her in-laws home yesterday.
 Victim`s brother Vinod alleged that Dayawati`s in-laws
had killed her after torturing her over dowry demands and
tried to project it as a case of suicide, they said.
 A case of murder was registered against her husband
Vinod, his father Vedram, his mother Shanti, his brothers
Jagdish and Ravi and one Sukhram following a complain lodged
by victim`s brother Vinod, police said. 

Her body was sent for postmortem and further probe was
on into the matter, they added. 
PTI

------------------
Lucknow: A 30-year-old woman committed
suicide after allegedly being harassed for dowry by her
husband and in-laws in Wazirganj area here, police said on Sunday. 

     Kanti Devi, who got married to trader Ashok Gupta in June
last year, hanged herself from the ceiling and committed
suicide at her in-laws` house in Pandeyganj locality
yesterday, they said. 
     Kanti`s father Purushottam Das alleged that she was being
harassed by her husband and in-laws who were demanding Rs 20
lakh cash and a four-wheeler. 
In another case, a 28-year-old pregnant woman was
allegedly pushed from the roof by her mother-in-law and
sister-in-law for dowry in Azad Nagar locality, police said. 
     Saba Khan was allegedly pushed from the roof by her
mother-in-law Asma and her daughter Nazia over dowry demands,
they said. 

Though Saba suffered a fracture in her leg, the foetus
was safe, the police said. 
PTI

------------------
Greater Noida: A 25-year-old woman was
allegedly burnt to death by her husband and in-laws in Dadri
area over dowry demand.
The deceased Archana Devis father Prakash Singh lodged
dowry death case at Dadri police station today alleging that
her in-laws poured kerosene over her and set her ablaze
last night and she died at a Delhi hospital today.
Police registered a dowry death case against her husband
Sanjay and others but no arrests have been made so far.
PTI

------------------
New Delhi: A Delhi court has held that
"mere taunts and jibes for bringing insufficient dowry" does
not amount to causing harassment to woman or subjecting her to
cruelty for dowry, unless there is a persistent demand for it
aimed at forcing her to meet it.

Metropolitan Magistrate Shunali Gupta gave this ruling
while acquitting a railway employee along with his mother in a
17-year-old case of causing harassment to his post graduate
teacher (PGT) wife for dowry.
"Taunting for not bringing sufficient dowry is
distinct from demand of dowry and should not be confused with
(the offence itself)," the magistrate said.
"Though, taunting for bringing insufficient dowry is
also an uncivilized act but does not come within the purview
of the Section 498-A IPC, sufficient to constitute the offence
i.e., cruelty to the complainant with respect to non
fulfillment of demand of dowry," said the magistrate.
"With reference to Section 498-A IPC, the sine quo non
(essential requisition) is that there must be a demand in
contradiction with mere taunts, jibes and that demand should
be with a view to pressurize the complainant/her relatives to
meet the demand for dowry," she said.
The court also reasoned that "unhappy matrimonial life
per se does not imply that there has been commission of
offence of harassment for dowry and cruelty."
"To adjudge the guilt under the penal provision, it
has always to be beyond the shadow of doubt that is upon
impeachable, cogent evidence which gives no escape but to
accept commission of offence alone," the court said.
The court gave the ruling in a criminal case lodged by
Ragini, who was married to railway employee Jitender Kumar, a
resident of Mangolpuri area in North West Delhi area, in 1992.
Soon after her marriage, she had approached the
Mangolpuri police alleging that her husband, mother-in-law and
brother-in-law have been harassing her for bringing
insufficient dowry.
She even told police that she was being administered
slow poison by her husband and in-laws due to which she had to
be repeatedly taken to hospital, albeit by her in-laws
themselves.

Even while hurling a string of allegations against her
husband and in-laws, she told the police that "she is still
ready to reside with her husband if he behaves nicely with
her." 
PTI

------------------
Hyderabad: A local court on Thursday denied
bail to G Shirish Bharadwaj, son-in-law of the
actor-turned-politician Chiranjeevi, who is facing dowry
harassment charges. 

 The 8th Additional Metropolitan sessions court,
however, granted anticipatory bail to Shirish`s mother T N
Suryamangala on certain conditions. 
 Chiranjeevi`s daughter K Srija on March 14 had filed a
complaint against her husband Shirish and mother-in-law
Suryamangala alleging she was being harassed and ill-treated
by the duo for the past one year for an additional dowry of Rs
50 lakh. 
Based on her complaint, the woman police station at
the Central Crime Station (CCS) here registered a case against
them under section 498-A (subjecting woman to cruelty by
husband, in-laws) and under relevant provisions of the Dowry
Prohibition Act. 
 Following registration of the case, Shirish, along
with his mother last week filed a plea before sessions court
seeking anticipatory bail. The court yesterday completed
hearing arguments from both the sides and reserved the order
for today. 
 The court in its order observed that prima facie
Shirish is not entitled for anticipatory bail under the
existing circumstances since investigations were still on. 
 While granting anticipatory bail to Shirish`s mother
the court laid down certain conditions and asked her to
execute a bond of Rs 10,000 and furnish two sureties of equal
sum, in case of arrest. 
Suryamangala was also asked not to leave Hyderabad and
report before the Station House Officer (SHO) CCS on every
alternate day until further orders and was also told to
cooperate in the investigations. The court further asked her
not to interact or influence witnesses. 
 The Additional Public Prosecutor had earlier contended
that Srija was not willing to take up any counselling on the
discord. 

 Srija, the youngest daughter of Chirajneevi, married
Shirish in 2007 against the wishes of her family at Arya Samaj
here and then fled to Delhi. She had also approached a court
there seeking protection from her family. The couple has a
daughter. 
 PTI

------------------
Muzaffarnagar: A woman was allegedly
burnt to death by her in-laws for not fulfilling their dowry
demands at Shamli town, police said. 

 "The victim, Kavita, wife of Vikas, was allegedly
killed by her in-laws by setting her ablaze," police said.
A case has been registered the victim`s husband Vikas,
father in-law Omvir, mother-in-law Jasviri and brother in-law
Yogesh in this connection. 

All the accused are absconding, police said. 
PTI

------------------
Ghaziabad: A 23-year-old woman allegedly
committed suicide after being harassed by her-in-laws for
dowry at Hasanpur village, near here, police said on Sunday.
Jyoti hanged herself yesterday at her in-laws residence
in the village, they said, adding, her parents have lodged a
complaint against her in-laws and husband alleging that she
was harassed for dowry.
Jyoti had married Chander Pal last year, they said,
adding so far no one has been arrested.
PTI

------------------
Shravasti: A man was sentenced to 12
years of imprisonment and his parents to eight years each by a
local court here for killing a pregnant woman over dowry. 

 On May 1, 2006, Rafeeq alias Pappu along with his
parents set on fire his pregnant wife Gudia over dowry in
Ranikunda village in Ikauna area, prosecution said here. 
 On the basis of an FIR lodged by Gudia`s brother,
police arrested Pappu and his parents and filed a chargesheet
in the court. 

 After hearing both the parties, Additional Sessions
Judge of fast track court Mohd Mateen Khan held all the three
accused guilty. 
PTI

------------------
 Udaipur: The son of a BJP leader has been
arrested for allegedly torturing his wife for dowry, police
said on Saturday. 

 Richa, the daughter-in-law of local BJP leader Karan
Singh Mogra alleged that her in-laws started harassing her for
dowry soon after her marriage with their son Siddarth on 13
February 2005, they said. 
        The woman lodged an FIR with Udaipur Police on 25
August against her in-laws after they turned her out of the
house in June last year when she failed to fulfill their
demand of Rs 50 lakh. 

After investigations police nabbed Richa`s husband
today and a local court sent him to police custody for two
days, they said, adding, her mother-in-law Sudha Mogra was
also arrested yesterday but was released on bail today. 
PTI

------------------
New Delhi: Demand for property or valuables
which has a connection with marriage constitutes "dowry" even
if it is made by the husband or in-laws for starting a new
business, the Supreme Court has ruled.

     "If a demand for property or valuable security, directly
or indirectly, has a nexus with marriage, in our opinion, such
demand would constitute `demand for dowry`; the cause or
reason for such demand being immaterial," the apex court said
in a judgement.
     A bench of justices Aftab Alam and R M Lodha passed the
judgement while dismissing the appeal filed by Bachini Devi
and her son challenging the seven years` rigorous imprisonment
awarded to them in a dowry death case.
     The bench rejected the argument of the convicts who
citing an apex court 2007 judgement in the Appasaheb vs
Maharashtra case claimed that if a demand is made by the
husband or in-laws for starting a business, the same would not
constitute "dowry".
     "There is no merit in the contention of the counsel for
the appellants that the demand of motorcycle does not qualify
as a `demand for dowry`. All the essential ingredients to
bring home the guilt under Section 304B IPC are established
against the appellants by the prosecution evidence.
"As a matter of law, the presumption under Section 113B
of the Evidence Act, 1872 is fully attracted in the facts and
circumstances of the present case. The appellants have failed
to rebut the presumption under Section 113B," Justice Lodha,
writing the judgement, said.
     It was the case of the prosecution that the victim Kanta
hanged herself at her in-laws` house in Kurukshetra on August
11, 1990, within three months of marriage, after she was
pestered for bringing home a motorcycle to enable the husband
carry out his milk vending business.
     The deceased`s father Pale Ram, a rickshaw-puller, could
not afford to fulfil the demand.
     The Additional Sessions Judge(I), Kurukshetra, sentenced
them to seven years of RI. The Punjab and Haryana High Court
affirmed the sentence, following which the duo appealed in the
apex court.
     The convicts took the plea that there was no evidence of
a demand for motorcycle. It was further argued that in any
case the demand of motorcycle for the purposes of the business
does not qualify as a "demand for dowry" and, therefore, no
offence under Section 304-B IPC can be said to have been made
out against them.
     Rejecting the argument, the apex court said, "The mere
demand for dowry before marriage, at the time of marriage or
any time after the marriage is an offence.
     "Appasaheb cannot be read to be laying down an absolute
proposition that a demand for money or some property or
valuable security on account of some business or financial
requirement could not be termed as `demand for dowry`.
     "It was in the facts of the case that it was held so,"
the bench said.

     Hence, it dismissed the appeal, while directing Bachini
Devi, who is on bail, to surrender within two months and serve
the sentence. 
PTI

------------------
Amravati (Maharashtra): An IPS officer
posted in Mizoram was booked for allegedly harassing his wife
for dowry.
The officer, Milind Mahadev Dubare, who hails from
neighbouring Chandrapur district, is the Superintendent of
Police at Sarchit district of the northeastern state. His
parents and family members reside at Chandrapur, the police
said.

According to the complaint lodged by Milind Dubare`s
wife Shilpa, he and his family members allegedly used to
harass her for bringing Rs 2 lakh from her parents since their
marriage in 2007.
They used to beat her often for not fulfilling the
demand, Shilpa, who hails from Frezerpura here, alleged in the
complaint registered on February 10, the police said.
Besides Milind Dubare, she has named her in-laws and
brother-in-law in the complaint.

They have been booked under IPC Sections 498A (husband
or relative of husband of a woman subjecting her to cruelty),
506 (criminal intimidation) and 34 (acts done by several
persons in furtherance of common intention, among others, the
police said.
PTI

------------------
Mainpuri: A 24-year-old woman was killed allegedly by her in-laws over dowry in Bebar area, a senior officer said here.
 Body of Sheela was found hanging from the ceiling at her in-laws house in Raipur village, Superintendent of Police Happy Guptan said.
 The woman`s father Mahendra Singh has alleged that Sheela was killed over dowry, she said.

 Mahendra had also lodged an FIR against Sheela`s husband Sunil, his brothers Rajpal and Netrapal, father Tularam, mother Mamula Devi, sisters Rekha and Sharmila, she said.

 Police had yesterday arrested Tularam, Mamula Devi, Sharmila and Rekha in this connection. 
PTI

------------------
Unnao (UP): A woman was set on fire in
front of her eight-year-old sister allegedly by her in-laws
over dowry in Sadar police area, a senior officer said here
on Tuesday.
Seema (20), who got married last year, was allegedly
set ablaze by her in-laws in front of her eight-year-old
sister Laxmi, Deputy Superintendent of Police Brijesh Mishra
said, adding Seema was admitted to the district hospital in a
serious condition where she died yesterday.


The victim`s father Rajkumar has alleged that Seema`s
in-laws were harassing her over dowry.
A case has been lodged against Kailash, her husband,
his mother Kalawati and brother Ram Babu in this connection,
he said.
PTI

------------------
 Muzaffarnagar: The Muslim clerics of
Jamiat Ulema Hind have called for a ban on using Disc Jockeys
(DJ) and display of dowry goods by community members during
weddings` saying it is against Islamic law. 

 The clerics also appealed the ulemas to avoid
performing nikah in such marriages. 
The decision came during a meeting held yesterday in
which several Muslim clerics were present. 
 The clerics decided to ban DJs and exhibition of dowry
goods during marriage saying that it is against the Shariat
law. 

 The clerics who participated in the meeting included
President of Utter Pradesh Imam Organisation Mufti Zulfikar,
District President of Jamiat Ulema Hind Maulana Nazar Mohammad
and District Secretary Maulana Tahir Kasmi. 
PTI 

------------------
Muzaffarnagar: Two women were murdered by
their in-laws allegedly over dowry in separate incidents in the district, police said here.

  Pinki, wife of Sanjay Saini, was yesterday poisoned
to death by her in-laws at Chandpuri village under Khatoli
police station in the district, they said.
  The police has registered a case against eight
persons, including her husband Sanjay.
  In another incident, Pervinder Kaur, wife of Azad,
was murdered by in-laws over dowry demand Rangari village in
the district.
  The brother of the victim Ravinder has lodged a
complaint against four persons in this connection alleging
that the accused were demanding dowry from his family.
  Meanwhile, a married woman Suman was stoned to death
by her husband Shelender Kumar, a property dealer, when she
opposed selling of their house at Baraut town in Baghpat
district yesterday.
Shelender wanted to sell the house as he was facing
financial problems but Suman objected to it. Yesterday, the
couple had a tiff over it following which the woman was stoned
to death, they said.

 Shelender later surrendered before the police.
 PTI

------------------
New Delhi: A Delhi court has acquitted a man and his parents of the charges of causing death of the former`s wife for dowry, noting that the accused were financially well-off to raise such demands.

Additional Sessions Judge Kamini Lau absolved Pankaj Raj, his father Surender Kumar and mother Kamlesh of the charges under Section 304 B (dowry death) and 498 A (cruelty) of the IPC.
The court took into account a number of facts like Raj`s earnings, the gifts he had given to his wife Ritu, the places he took her to on their honeymoon, besides the financial condition of Kumar and the victim.
It said that Ritu was maintaining an independent bank account and had even paid Rs 40,000 to her brother for buying a motorbike after her marriage with Raj on December 9, 2005 to conclude that she herself was capable of taking care of her financial requirements.
The court further said the demands for articles like TV and AC do not appear "plausible" as Raj was the only son of his parents and his sister was settled in the USA as professor at Harvard University.
It also said that besides the mother and brother of the deceased, no one else from her family including the father was cited as witness by the prosecution to prove their charges.
"It is clear from the evidence of the witnesses that the deceased has committed suicide but it cannot be related to any dowry-related harassment by the accused as apparently there is no proximity or link between her death and the alleged misconduct by the accused persons," the court said.
During the trial, the accused tried to point out to the court that the victim could not reconcile with her marriage as she got attached with a boy with whom she was earlier engaged and was even in touch with before committing suicide on April 10, 2006 at her matrimonial home in Janak Puri here within five months of her marriage.

"The prosecution story does not inspire confidence and is not worthy of credence, especially in view of the glaring contradictions and overwhelming inconsistencies in the statements of witnesses," the court said, acquitting the accused.
PTI

------------------
New Delhi: The Supreme Court Thursday said that death sentence should be awarded in dowry death and bride burning cases as they fall under the "rarest of rarest" category while observing the Indian society has become totally sick and commercial.

A bench of Justices Markandeya Katju and Gyan Sudha Mishra in an order said time has come to stamp out the evil of bride killing cases with an iron hand so that it acts as a deterrent.
"We see no reason to disagree with the judgement and order of the (Allahabad) High Court convicting the appellants. In fact, it was really a case under Section 302 IPC (murder) and death sentence should have been imposed in such a case, but since no charge under Section 302 IPC was levelled, we cannot do so.
"Otherwise such cases of bride burning, in our opinion, fall in the category of rarest of rare cases, and hence deserve death sentence," the judges said.
"Although bride burning or bride hanging cases have become common in our country, in our opinion, the expression `rarest of rare` as referred to in Bachan Singh vs State of Punjab(1980) does not mean that the act is uncommon, it means that the act is brutal and barbaric. Bride killing is certainly barbaric," the bench said.
The apex court passed the order while upholding the life sentence imposed on Satyanarayan Tiwari and his mother for strangulating and setting ablaze the former`s wife Geeta in pursuit of their demand for dowry in UP on November 3, 2000.
Though the Sessions Court had acquitted the mother and the son, the Allahabad High Court on an appeal from the State had reversed the acquittal and awarded life imprisonment to the duo under Section 304B(dowry death) which carried a maximum sentenced of life imprisonment, 498-A (harassment) and Section 4 of the Dowry Prohibition Act.
Aggrieved, the convicts appealed in the apex court.
However, the apex court took strong exception to the manner in which the victim was strangulated and burnt to death which, it said, revealed the growing commercialisation and scant respect for women in the country.
"The hallmark of a healthy society is the respect it shows to women. Indian society has become a sick society. This is evident from the large number of cases coming up in this court (and also in almost all courts in the country) in which young women are being killed by their husbands or by their in-laws by pouring kerosene on them and setting them on fire or by hanging/strangulating them.

"What is the level of civilisation of a society in which a large number of women are treated in this horrendeous and barbaric manner? What has our society become. This is illustrated by this case," the bench said.
PTI

------------------
     New Delhi: Giving dowry under the fear that
the proposed marriage may be called off is not an offence, the
Delhi High Court has held while quashing an FIR against a
bride and her family for conceding to the demands of the
groom`s family. 

     Justice Ajit Bharihoke quashed the criminal proceedings
against the bride and her family after they convinced the
court that the dowry was given under pressure as the
bridegroom`s family had threatened to cancel the marriage. 
"As per the allegations in the complaint made by the
petitioner (bride), the demand for dowry was made by the
father of respondent(bridegroom) at the time of engagement
ceremony when he allegedly asked the father of the girl to
concede to his demand for dowry, failing which he would call
off the marriage. 
     "From the aforesaid facts, it is obvious that the
petitioner and her parents were confronted with the unenviable
situation either to concede to the demand or face the loss of
honour of their family in the society, and if under that fear,
the petitioner and her parents conceded to the demand for
dowry, they cannot be faulted as they were victims of the
circumstances," the court said. 

     Granting relief to the bride, the court said "she cannot
be subjected to prosecution for the offence under the Dowry
Prohibition Act". 
-PTI

------------------
 Bhadoi: A 24-year-old woman was
killed allegedly by her husband and in-laws for dowry in
Gyanpur area, police said on Thursday. 

 Priyanka was poisoned by her husband Yogendra Pandey
and in-laws in Veera Patti village yesterday after her
family members failed to fulfill their dowry demand, they
said. 
 Initially Priyanka`s in-laws claimed that she died due
to snake bite. Police seized her body while they were
attempting to cremate her, they said. 

 Police said that on a complaint lodged by Priyanka`s
kin, a case had been lodged against six persons, including
Yogendra. 
 PTI

------------------
     New Delhi: A Delhi court has acquitted six
members of a family, including the husband of the victim, in a
dowry death case, considering the flip-flops of her parents
while recording the testimonies during the trial. 

     "I am astonished to see their (parents of the victim)
changed versions. These witnesses have deposed entirely
different things in their cross examination by their
examination in chief," Additional Sessions Judge S C Rajan of
a fast track court said. 
The court absolved Sandeep Chopra, the husband of
deceased Shefali, and his five family members of the charges
under section 304B (dowry death), 498A (subjecting a woman to
cruelty) and 406 (criminal breach of trust) of the IPC. 
     Shefali, who married Sandeep in 2006, was found hanging
with the ceiling at her matrimonial house at Chitranjan Park
area here on February 9, 2007. 
     In the FIR, Anita Bhatia, mother of the victim, had
alleged that Shefali`s husband used to harass her as one of
his friends was not invited to their wedding. They had also
demanded dowry, she had alleged. 
She also charged the accused first killed her and then
hanged her to the ceiling to establish that she committed
suicide. 
     During the trial, Anita and Kuldeep Bhatia, parents of
the victim, first testified that she was subjected to cruelty
by the accused. 
     However, when cross-examined by defence lawyers, they
took a complete U-tun and denied their own allegations. 

     The court, while perusing their testimonies, was of
the opinion that there was some substance in the allegations
but later found out that they were refuted by the witnesses
themselves. 
-PTI

------------------
 Lucknow: A 26-year-old woman committed
suicide allegedly after being harassed for dowry by her
husband and in-laws in Talkatora area, police said on Thursday. 

 Navpreet Kaur, who was married to a tent house owner
Dandeep Singh Bora last year, hanged herself from a ceiling at
her in-laws residence in Rajajipuram colony, they said. 
 Navneet`s father P P Bora lodged a complaint alleging
that she was being harassed by her husband Sandeep and in-laws
Balbir Singh and Manjit Singh for dowry, police said. 

 Sandeep, Balbir and Manjit were arrested yesterday and
a case of dowry harassment and abetment of suicide have been
lodged against them, they said. 
PTI

------------------
Raipur: A 30-year-old man was arrested in Chhattisgarh on charges of harassing his wife for dowry and threatening to post MMS clips of their sexual relationship on the internet, police said Friday.

The accused, Suraj Chetwani, was arrested here late Thursday while accepting money from his father-in-law. 

Suraj had been torturing his wife for five years and had demanded Rs.150,000 from her family. He threatened to post MMS clips of their sexual relationship on the internet if his demands were not met.
"The man belonged to Katni area of Madhya Pradesh. He had been physically harassing his wife for the last five years," Lal Umed Singh, additional superintendent of police, told reporters.
Chetwani was booked for dowry and extortion. 
IANS

------------------
New Delhi: Three laws - on dowry, indecent representation of women and juvenile justice - as well as a draft bill on sexual harassment at workplace are top priority for the government this year, says Women and Child Development Minister Krishna Tirath.

The laws to which the ministry is contemplating seeking amendments are the Dowry Prohibition Act, the Indecent Representation of Women Act and the Juvenile Justice (Care and Protection) Act. 
Tirath also wants probes into honour killings at the behest of caste councils. 
"New enactments and amendments of existing laws are one of our top agendas for the year 2010-11. The draft bill on sexual harassment in workplace is ready and awaiting the central government`s approval," Tirath told a news agency in an interview. 
The sexual harassment in workplace bill envisages that every workplace, whether organised or unorganised, should have a forum to take up complaints pertaining to sexual harassment. 
It also includes a new clause which brings students, research scholars, patients and women in the unorganised sector within the ambit of the proposed law. 
In the case of the organised sector, there will be internal complaint committees, in the absence of which a penalty, including deregistration of the institutions or a fine of Rs 50,000 for a first-time offence, will be imposed. 
On the issue of honour killings of young couples who dared to go against the diktats of khap panchayats (caste councils) and marry within the same gotra or ancestral lineage, Tirath said she has asked the National Commission for Women (NCW) to probe "such retrograde social practices". 
"The government and the ministry of home affairs are considering legislative measures - amendment of the Indian Penal Code, the Special Marriage Act and the Indian Evidence Act - to tackle the matter. 
"We have also asked the NCW to look into allegations of such killings and suggest measures on how to combat such retrograde social practices," Tirath said. 
Talking about the Dowry Prohibition Act, a senior official of the ministry told IANS: "We received the proposed amendments in the Dowry Prohibition Act from the NCW and are currently in talks with the legislative department on the same." 
"There is criticism that the law holds the taker of dowry responsible and not the giver. So a lot of points have to be taken care of while vetting the proposed amendments," the official said. 
The minister said the proposed amendments in the Indecent Representation of Women Act were also submitted by the NCW and are now being assessed by the ministry. The Act prevents indecent representation of women through advertisements or in publications. 
The Juvenile Justice (Care and Protection) Act, which provides a framework for protection, treatment and rehabilitation of children in the purview of the juvenile justice system, is further sought to be amended to make it more stringent, effective and child-friendly. 
"The main idea behind amending the laws is to make them more effective in protecting the interests of women, and also children," Tirath said. 
The ministry is also holding a conference of state ministers in charge of women and child development June 16 to review the implementation of various laws relating to women and the girl child. 
"There will be a review of the implementation of the Domestic Violence Act, the Dowry Prohibition Act and the Prohibition of Child Marriage Act. The state ministers` opinion and suggestions will be taken into account for further action," an official said. 

The ministry is also planning to expand the services of the child helpline (1098) - from 83 districts to 305 districts in the country. 
IANS

------------------
Muzaffarnagar: Last minute dowry demands
proved expensive for a groom`s family as it had to cough up Rs
60,000 as fine and return without the bride on the orders of a
community panchayat. 

A dispute broke out between the bride`s family and the
bridegroom`s family when the latter demanded more dowry just
before the wedding was to be solemnised. 
Enraged over the demands, the bride`s family took
groom`s family hostage for about five hours for demanding
dowry at Tawli village here. 
When the matter reached before the community
panchayat, it ruled that the groom and his family would not be
let off unless they paid the fine of Rs 60,000. 

The barat was allowed to leave only after five hours
when they paid the amount to the family of the bride, who
refused to marry the boy because his relatives allegedly
misbehaved with her parents. 
PTI

------------------
New Delhi: A Delhi court has directed the
police to register an FIR against a woman and her family
members, who alleged dowry harassment by her husband and
in-laws, for meeting their demands during the marriage.

Additional Chief Metropolitan Magistrate Sanjay Bansal
directed the police to proceed against the woman and her
parents under the provisions of the Dowry Prohibition Act.
"In my considered view at this stage, it appears that
the accused persons (woman and her parents) are accomplice and
the present complaint discloses the offence under Section 3 of
the Dowry Prohibition Act 1961. Thus, the SHO concerned is
directed to register the FIR and conduct investigation as per
law," ACMM Bansal said.
Sameer Saxena and his family members were accused of
committing cruelty with his wife by harassing her for dowry.
The wife, in an FIR with Roop Nagar police station,
claimed her family members had given huge dowry to Saxena at
the time of their marriage.
Saxena`s counsel Ganganpreet Singh and Karanbir Singh
submitted that in the FIR the woman had herself admitted
giving huge dowry, which was an offence under the statute.
They filed an application in the court seeking
registration of the FIR against the woman and her family
members.

The counsel also referred to a Delhi High Court
judgement support their contention, besides a circular issued
by the Commissioner of Police, which stated that a woman can
be prosecuted if she allegedly gave dowry.
PTI

------------------
Aurangabad: A husband and in-laws of a
woman allegedly tried to tear her into two by pulling her legs
apart, police said.


The in-laws and the husband have been booked and the
woman is hospitalised.
The incident took place in Haarashangar locality of
the city yesterday night. City Chowk police said that Shabana
Fatima, resident of Rahemaniya Colony was married to Shaikh
Abbas two years ago. She was consistently tortured as she
could not bring cash of Rs 20,000 demanded as dowry by her
husband and in-laws.
While she was fast asleep in her house, her husband,
mother-in-law and sister-in-law started pulling her legs apart
for tearing her into two pieces. She screamed and the
neighbours came to her rescue. She had been admitted to the
government medical college and hospital and a case is
registered with the City Chowk police.
PTI

------------------
Lucknow: Already booked under the Dowry Prohibition Act, there seems to be no respite for the state Sports Minister Ayodhya Prasad Pal as the Uttar Pradesh government has also initiated an enquiry against him, sources said Friday.

Now, the state government has directed the Local Intelligence Unit (LIU) to conduct a probe into the case in which a doctor Prabal Pratap had alleged that the minister called off his son`s marriage to his daughter because of inadequate dowry. 
Earlier, on the directions of a chief judicial magistrate in Chitrakoot district, some 280 km from Lucknow, the police late Wednesday registered an FIR against the minister and his six family members for seeking dowry. 
"As per the directions of the government, N.K. Singh, zonal officer of the special branch of LIU has been entrusted with the task of conducting the enquiry against the minister," an LIU official told a news agency, preferring anonymity. 
"In fact, as a part of his initial enquiry, Singh has already collected expenditure bills, photographs of the ring ceremony and other documents pertaining to the engagement between the minister`s son and the doctor`s daughter," he added. 
Meanwhile, following court directions, the Chitrakoot Circle Officer (CO) has also initiated a police enquiry against the minister and his family members. 
"We have recorded the statements of the girl`s family and will follow the same procedure for the minister and his family. More than this, we cannot disclose anything further related to the case which is still under investigation," CO Udai Shanker told reporters Friday. 
In its order, the court has directed the police to lodge an FIR against Ayodhya Prasad Pal, his son Om Dutt, brother Raj Kumar Pal, two daughters, the minister`s wife and his brother`s wife. 
"My daughter got engaged to the minister`s son in October 2008, but the minister called off the marriage as I was unable to pay the Rs.5 million dowry he demanded," said Pratap. 
According to Pratap, the engagement ceremony took place Oct 7, 2008, at a tourist bungalow in Chitrakoot`s Karvi town. Since then, the minister has been delaying the marriage and is now demanding dowry. 
"He (minister) now says the only way to get my daughter married to his son is to give Rs.50 lakh (Rs.5 million). The minister has even openly challenged me to get a case registered against him for demanding dowry," Pratap told reporters. 
"I have also learnt that the minister has now arranged his son`s marriage to the daughter of an engineer in the irrigation department in Allahabad," he added. 

According to Pratap, he had submitted necessary evidence to prove he had spent over Rs.500,000 on gifts that were given to Pal`s family at the engagement ceremony.
IANS

------------------
Lucknow: An enquiry has been initiated against Uttar Pradesh Sports Minister Ayodhya Prasad Pal over allegations that he called off his son`s
marriage because the woman`s family failed to meet a Rs 5 million dowry demand, police said on Monday.

Pal`s son Om Dutt was apparently engaged to the daughter of a doctor in Chitrakoot district in October 2008 but the minister has now called off the engagement allegedly over the family`s inability to pay dowry. 
"The inquiry has been initiated against the minister and his family also, following a written complaint registered by the doctor Prabal Pratap," district police chief Aparna H S told reporters in Chitrakoot, some 280 km from Lucknow. 
According to Pratap, the engagement ceremony took place Oct 7, 2008 at a tourist bungalow in Karvi town in Chitrakoot. Since then, the minister has been delaying the marriage and is now demanding dowry.  
"He (minister) now says the only way to get my daughter married to his son is to give Rs.50 lakh (Rs.5 million). The minister has even openly challenged me to get a case registered against him for demanding dowry," Pratap told reporters.  
"I have also learnt that the minister has now arranged his son`s marriage to the daughter of an engineer in the irrigation department in Allahabad," he added. 

According to Pratap, he had submitted necessary evidence to prove he had spent over Rs.500,000 on gifts that were given to Pal`s family on the occasion of the engagement ceremony. 
PTI

------------------
Lucknow: An enquiry has been initiated against Uttar Pradesh Sports Minister Ayodhya Prasad Pal over allegations that he called off his son`s marriage because the woman`s family failed to meet a Rs 5 million dowry demand, police said Monday.

Pal`s son Om Dutt was apparently engaged to the daughter of a doctor in Chitrakoot district in October 2008 but the minister has now called off the engagement allegedly over the family`s inability to pay dowry. 
"The inquiry has been initiated against the minister and his family also, following a written complaint registered by the doctor Prabal Pratap," district police chief Aparna HS told reporters in Chitrakoot, some 280 km from Lucknow. 
According to Pratap, the engagement ceremony took place Oct 7, 2008 at a tourist bungalow in Karvi town in Chitrakoot. Since then, the minister has been delaying the marriage and is now demanding dowry. 
"He (minister) now says the only way to get my daughter married to his son is to give Rs.50 lakh (Rs.5 million). The minister has even openly challenged me to get a case registered against him for demanding dowry," Pratap told reporters. 
"I have also learnt that the minister has now arranged his son`s marriage to the daughter of an engineer in the irrigation department in Allahabad," he added. 

According to Pratap, he had submitted necessary evidence to prove he had spent over Rs 500,000 on gifts that were given to Pal`s family on the occasion of the engagement ceremony. 
IANS

------------------
