Hyderabad: A businessman here strangulated his wife, a Congolese national, cut the body into pieces and set them ablaze as he was suspecting her character, police said on Tuesday.

Rupesh Kumar Mohanani, 36, was caught by people in Madanpally village in Shamshabad on the outskirts of Hyderabad after they found him pouring petrol on a bag containing the body pieces and burning it.
The deceased has been identified as Cynthia Vechel, 30, a club dancer in Congo. She had been living with her husband in Hyderabad since 2012.
According to police, Mohanani and his wife were having frequent quarrels over financial matters as he had suffered losses in stock market. He was also suspicious of her character as she used to chat with her male friend through Facebook.
They had a fight in the early hours of Sunday in their flat in Gachibowli. "In a fit of rage he throttled her neck and killed her brutally. With an intent to screen out the evidence, he cut the body of deceased into pieces with knife, a hammer and an axe, placed them in a bag and left the house in a car to dispose the dead body," said Deputy Commissioner of Police (Shamshabad Zone) Sunpreet Singh.
Mohanani had gone to Congo in 1999 and was working as a salesman in a departmental store. He used to visit a club for entertainment, where he met Cynthia in 2006. They fell in love and married in a church in 2008.
The couple came to India in 2012 and had applied for Overseas Citizen of India (OCI) card. They have an eight-year-old daughter.

Police booked Rupesh for murder and for causing disappearance of evidence,
The Congolese Embassy in Delhi has been informed about the incident, police said

------------------
Chennai: P. Ramkumar, the suspected killer of Infosys engineer S. Swathi, on Tuesday pleaded not guilty in the sensational murder case and told police that he is being framed in the case.

Denying his involvement in the crime, Ramkumar said, "I am innocent. I am being framed in the case a I belong to a low caste and have a poor family background."
His statement was recorded by Judicial Magistrate M Ramadhas in a government hospital in Chennai.
Ramkumar had earlier confessed to his crime and said that it was an insulting remark on his personal appearance that provoked him to murder Swathi.

According to reports, Ramkumar had proposed to Swathi thrice at different locations on different dates. A police official revealed that on one of the occasions, when he proposed to her at the Nungambakkam railway station, she verbally abused him on his look in front of other passengers at the railway station, which he couldn't bear.
Angered over the dejection, he eliminated her using a sharp metal object at Nungambakkam railway station in Chennai on June 24.

------------------
Hyderabad: In a horrific incident, a man in Hyderabad allegedly killed his wife, Cynthia, cut her body into pieces, stuffed them in a suitcase and tried to set the suitcase ablaze at an isolated place near Madanpally village at Shamshabad on Monday night.

Rupesh Kumar Agarwal, 35, drove along with his five-year-old daughter to the village area in an attempt to hide his crime. However, villagers caught the stockbroker red-handed after seeing smoke in the bushes and handed him over to the Shamshabad police.

Cynthia was a Congolese national.
According to sources, the couple's daughter was in the SUV when Rupesh set the suitcase on fire.
The resident of Madhapur, Hyderabad, later confessed having frequent fights with his wife.


Police said Rupesh had married Cynthia in 2008 and the couple has a five-year-old daughter, Sania. Rupesh met Cynthia in Congo where the latter was a club dancer.

------------------
Dhaka: Seven members of an outlawed Bangladeshi Islamist group have been charged with the attempted murder of an Italian priest who was wounded in a shooting last year, police said Monday.

The charges come as Bangladesh reels from the killing of 20 hostages -- including nine Italians -- over the weekend at an upmarket cafe in the capital Dhaka.
The priest Piero Parolari, who is also a doctor, was shot by unidentified gunmen in the northern Dinajpur district last November.
The Islamic State group said it was responsible for the attack -- a claim promptly rejected by the government and police.
Police later arrested four suspected members of the Jamayetul Mujahideen Bangladesh (JMB), with two allegedly confessing their roles in the attack.
Police on Sunday pressed charges against seven JMB followers for the attack, recommending that they be given death sentences if found guilty.
Three of those charged remain on the run, including a student at a private university whose father is a Bangladeshi-origin Canadian citizen.
"All seven who are charged are JMB members. Two of them told a court as to how they planned the attack and who have supplied them weapons," Inspector Bazlur Rahman, who is leading the investigation, told AFP.
The government and police say homegrown extremists are responsible for the deaths of some 80 secular activists, foreigners and religious minorities killed over the last three years.
Police have also blamed the JMB for the killings during the siege in the heart of Dhaka`s diplomatic zone which came to an end on Saturday morning.
They say the deaths are part of a plot to destabilise the country, and have blamed the main opposition Bangladesh Nationalist Party (BNP) and its Islamist ally.

Last month Dhaka launched a nationwide crackdown on local jihadist groups, arresting more than 11,000 people, under pressure to act on the spate of killings.
But many rights groups allege the arrests were arbitrary or were a way to silence political opponents of the government.

------------------
Chennai: Exactly a week after 24-year-old Infosys techie Swathi was hacked to death at the Nungambakkam railway station, the Chennai police arrested the prime suspect behind the murder.


We bring to you details about the suspect, we know so far:
On Monday, the 'suspected killer' was produced before the court today after which he was sent to 15-day judicial custody.

------------------
Chennai: In Tamil Nadu, the prime accused Ramkumar in the software engineer Swathi murder case will be brought before Chennai Egmore court today.

Ramkumar was taken to Chennai from Tirunelveli on Sunday in an ambulance after doctors gave the permission to travel.
Swathi, a young engineer working in private IT company was murdered at Nungambakkam railway station on June 24.
Nellai District Magistrate Ramadas took the statement from the prime suspect in the case, whowas arrested on Friday night by special team of police, and doctors gave the go ahead for travel.

When police surrounded him at his house in Shencottai Minatchipuram village, Ramkumar tried to slit his throat and was admitted to Tirunelveli government hospital.
A team of three doctors in the 108 ambulance accompanied him with armed police escort in the ambulance.

------------------
Suva: A Russian couple from Fiji are thought to have been murdered and dismembered after human body parts washed up on a beach in the Pacific island nation.

The Fiji Sun said two pairs of feet wrapped in netting and weighed down with stones were found on June 24 at Natadola beach, a popular tourist destination.
Further searches uncovered more remains, with speculation connecting the grisly find to the disappearance a week earlier of Russian couple Yuri and Natalia Shipulin.
Lead investigator Luke Navela said DNA tests with the Shipulins` relatives back in Russia had confirmed the link, and police now believed they had been murdered and dismembered, the Sun reported.
Citing police sources, the newspaper said detectives had information a chainsaw was missing from the couple`s farm on the main island of Viti Levu.
The Fiji Times reported that the couple moved to Fiji in 2011 and were leasing the farm and operating a photography business.
A friend, fellow Russian Alla Mallerich, described the pair as "soul mates".
"Yuri was a happy, easy going man who loved life, loved Fiji and he had plans to build his life in Fiji," she told the newspaper.
Social media pictures show a middle-aged couple smiling while drinking cocktails and beers in the sun.
However, their business partner Andrew Luzanenko told the Fiji Sun in the days after their disappearance that they had financial difficulties after the farm was devastated by Super Cyclone Winston earlier this year.

Luzanenko, who also lived at the farm after moving from Russia earlier this year to co-manage it, said the couple left "without even speaking to me".
The investigation is continuing, with navy divers on Monday scouring waters off Natadola beach looking for more remains.

------------------
Ranchi: Maoist guerrillas killed two men, accusing them of being police informers, in Jharkhand's Giridih district on Sunday, police said.

According to police, the guerrillas abducted the two men from their home and killed both by slitting their throat.

The bodies were recovered from Kolharia village of Giridih district, around 200 km from Ranchi and have been sent for post-mortem examination.
Maoist guerrillas are active in 18 of the 24 districts of the state.

------------------
Allahabad: In a shocking incident, a seven-year girl was first raped and then murdered after three weeks later by the rapist's family, to prevent the victim from narrating her ordeal.

According to a report, the minor girl was raped by a 15-year-old boy on June 5. The incident happened in a village 50 kms away from Allahabad.
To add to the apathy of the aggrieved family, the police initially allegedly refused to register a case against the accused.
The girl's family has alleged that the police were reluctant to file a case earlier as the accused's father shares a close term with the head of the village council.
However, after relentless pleading, when the police arrested the accused, family members of the 15-year-old boy barged into the victim's house and dragged the girl out of her home, thereafter killing her on the spot.
Reports say that five people, including accused's father, were one of the persons who pulled the girl out of her house. The minor girl was then stabbed to death.
On Tuesday, the girl's family alleged that some of the members were beaten by the police, after they objected to her being buried by the cops.

The police however, justified their decision to bury the girl's body as they said that handing over body to the family would have led to law and order problem in the area.
The police have arrested the accused's father and the village council head.

------------------
New Delhi: A 24-year-old dance instructor committed suicide after allegedly strangling his suspected lover in the national capital, a police officer said on Wednesday.

Police were alerted around 10 a.m. after locals saw Sachin alias Sonu hanging from a ceiling fan at his dance coaching institute at Chattarpur in south Delhi.
When a police team broke into the institute, they also found the body of Yogita, a 24-year-old girl, with an extension cord around her neck, Additional Deputy Commissioner of Police Nupur Prasad told IANS.

Police suspect that the dup may have been in a relationship and could have argued this morning.
Police believe Sachin first killed Yogita and then hanged himself. Sachin hailed from Indore. No suicide note was found.

------------------
Agartala: A woman was allegedly raped by a senior Tripura Civil Service officer when she went to his residence in South Ramnagar, police said today.

An FIR was lodged against Panna Ahmed yesterday on the basis of the complaint by the woman and a search warrant has been issued against him since the accused is absconding, Superintendent of police (Police Control) Uttam Bhowmick said.

According to the FIR, Ahmed, a joint director of sports and youth affairs department, had allegedly raped the woman when she went to meet him at his South Ramnagar residence here for renting rooms earlier in the morning.
The accused also reportedly threatened her of dire consequences if she disclosed the incident, they said.

------------------
Patna: Former Rashtriya Janata Dal (RJD) MP and party strongman Mohammad Shahabuddin on Tuesday submitted a petition in a special court in Siwan where he anticipated threat to his life at the hands of Bihar government.

At present, Shahabuddin is lodged in Bhagalpur jail. In the petition filed before the Siwan special court, the RJD strongman feared for his life and accused the state government of not making arrangement for his medical treatment.
Shahabuddin's counsel Mohammad Mobin, who moved the petition on his behalf, claimed that his client's life is in danger at Bhagalpur jail. He said that 'his client suffers from acute lower back pain but no arrangement were made by the administration'.
Mobin further claimed that despite getting clearance from the Union Home Ministry, the state government is purportedly delaying his clearance for medical treatment at the All India Institute of Medical Sciences (AIIMS), Delhi.
According to the petition submitted by Mobin, Shahabuddin is being targeted as he belongs to a minority community.
The ADJ Ajay Kumar Srivastava has sought for a report in this connection from the home secretary Amir Subhani.

Shahabuddin was shifted to Bhagalpur from Siwan district jail on May 19, six days after senior journalist Rajdeo Ranjan's murder. The action was necessitated following reports that order to eliminate the journalist came from Siwan jail.
The court has set the next hearing on Shahbuddin plea on July 14.

------------------
Jaunpur:Five persons were today sentenced to life imprisonment and a fine of Rs 21,500 imposed on each of them by a court here in a murder case.


In April 2000, Rajbali was beaten to death by Pheru, Sanjay alias Guddu, Uma Shanker, Dinesh Kumar and Ramesh Kumar over a land dispute in Chattari village in Jalalpur area, the prosecution said.
After hearing both the sides, Additional Sessions Judge B B Yadav held the five men guilty.

------------------
Chennai: A person was hacked to death by unidentified men in Chennai's Nandanam area on Monday, sending shock waves across the city.

Today's case is sixth such incident in the month of June.
The victim, identified as Velu, is believed to be a gangster and his killers are suspected to be from a rival gang.
The recent killings have left the residents terrified. The Police have stepped up security and increased night patrolling.
The incident comes three days after, a 24-year-old woman employee of Infosys was stabbed to death at a railway station here by an unidentified person on Friday.

The woman, identified by police as SSwathi, was waiting on the platform to board a train when a man approached her. They were seen arguing by others.
Suddenly, the man took out a knife and attacked her. She reportedly died on the spot.

------------------
Chennai: In a harrowing incident, a 35-year-old man allegedly killed a woman, with whom he had been living, and her three teenaged daughters in Chennai.

The city was reeling under the shock of the murder of a 24-year-old woman employee of software giant Infosys when this incident came to the fore.
Chinnaraj was arrested on Friday after his landlord on Thursday alerted the police following stench from the house in Royapettah locality here.

The man bludgeoned to death Pandiammal, separated from her husband some years ago, and two of her daughters with an iron rod,besides strangulating another, a minor, using iron box cable in the wee hours of June 21 following an overnight quarrel with his partner, police said in a statement.
After remaining in the house keeping the bodies, Chinnaraj, a worker in a sweet stall, left for work the next day, police said.
As foul smell emanated from the house, the landlord questioned him about it on Thursday but Chinnaraj told him that it was due to a dead rat and left the home locking the doors and never returned, they said.
The landlord later filed a complaint with the police unable to bear the severe stench. Police broke open the door later Thursday and found the bodies of the four in a highly decomposed state, the statement said.
The woman and Chinnaraj used to have quarrels often.
Chinnaraj 'confessed' to the murders, police claimed, adding he was arrested from Marina Beach while retrieving his parked two-wheeler early Friday morning.

A vehicle check showed that his scooter was parked there following which a waiting special team nabbed him, police said.
(With PTI inputs)

------------------
Acapulco: Three federal police were shot dead as they ate in a market in a southern Mexican town beset by disappearances and recent discoveries of bodies in clandestine graves.

A woman and a man were wounded in the attack yesterday, which was perpetrated by unknown gunmen with "large-caliber" weapons at the municipal market of Chilapa, the Guerrero state prosecutor's office said in a statement.
The wounded were urgently hospitalised while an operation was launched to find the killers, the statement said.
Chilapa lies in a region of Guerrero state where opium poppies are grown and drug cartels fight for control of heroin trafficking.

At least 16 people were reported missing in May of last year after an armed group of 300 people occupied the town for several days.
Earlier this month, seven bodies were found in five clandestine graves in the municipality and a woman's corpse was discovered in a well.

------------------
Muzaffarnagar: A labourer was allegedly beaten to death by his employer and his family members when he demanded that he be paid his wages in Atali village here, police said on Friday.


Bholal (60) was beaten to death by Ravinder and his family members when he asked him to pay for his work, Circle Officer S P Sharma said.
He said a case was registered against three persons in connection with the murder. One person has been arrested, while two, including Ravinder, are still at large, Sharma said.

------------------
Riyadh: The Saudi Interior Ministry announced on Friday that two Islamic State (IS) members attacked their own family and killed the mother, a media report said.

The two brothers -- Khalid and Saleh -- launched the attack on Friday morning at their house in Riyadh, in which the father and another brother were seriously injured, Saudi Press Agency reported.

The police said the twins trapped their mother in the storeroom and stabbed her to death, according to Xinhua.
The two were arrested at dawn and police are trying to ascertain the reason behind the attack.

------------------
Rajkot: The Rajkot police on Thursday arrested a retired senior accountant in the murder case of his own son.

According to reports, retired accountant Naran Vasoya hired contract killers to kill his elder son Dipesh Vasoya.
The police have also nabbed two others, who carried out the alleged murder for money, in connection with the case.
33-year-old Dipesh Vasoya, a resident of Manhar Plot area here went missing on Tuesday evening after he went to meet a man who rang him up saying that he had found his lost cell phone.
However, on Wednesday morning, Dipesh was found dead in a ditch in Raiyadhar area of the city.

According to reports, the local police grilled one suspect and his nephew in connection with the missing mobile phone.
Finding their answers non satisfactory, the cops continued the probe when they confessed the crime and claimed that it was Naran who had given them a contract to kill Dipesh.

------------------
Islamabad: A mother of two minor girls in Pakistan`s Hindu dominated Sindh province was axed to death by her husband on Thursday.

Keeso Kolhi, aged 23, was killed by her husband, Nagji Kolhi, in Thuhi Leghari village. Tando Bago town police have arrested the accused, who confessed to having axed his wife to death.

The accused said he killed his wife in a fit of anger due to her delaying in making him a cup of tea.
Sindh is home to majority of Pakistan`s 300 million Hindus.

------------------
Antananarivo: Thirty one passengers onboard a bush taxi were killed by bandits in southwestern Madagascar, authorities said on Wednesday.

The bush taxi, carrying 32, was assaulted by bandits on its way from Toliara to Beroroha, southwestern Madagascar, command of National Gendarmerie Daniel Ramiandrisoa told a press conference, Xinhua reported.
"Around 20 bandits put a dam on the road of the bush taxi, the driver could manage to escape it, but the bandits shot the rear tire and overthrew the car," Ramiandrisoa said.
According to the command, 10 children are among the victims. Only one survived from the attack, but he is seriously injured.
The bandits robbed a cash around 7 million Ariary (about $2000) before absconding, he said.

Some hours before this tragedy, the same bandits also attacked a military vehicle on the same trajectory, Ramiandrisoa added.
General Anthony Rakotoarison, director of Security and Investigation under the National Gendarmerie, said the ministry of National Defence sent 50 military elements to restore peace in the area.

------------------
New Delhi: BJP MP Maheish Girri may file defamation a case against Delhi CM Arvind Kejriwal!

A day after he broke his fast-unto -death, Maheish Girri on Wednesday said he is considering filing a defamation suit against Arvind Kejriwal for accusing him of being involved in the murder of NDMC estate officer M M Khan.
"Now I am consulting the lawyers and the party leaders to find out how defamation case could be filed (against Kejriwal). Political fight will carry on... We will go to people to tell that their chief minister is a liar," Girri said.
Girri's protest
The East Delhi MP was protesting few metres away from Kejriwal's official residence and broke his fast on Tuesday after Union Home Minister Rajnath Singh made an appeal to him.
Girri had been demanding proof from Kejriwal about his allegations that the BJP leader was involved in NDMC estate officer's and demanded an apology from the chief minister.

Kejriwal's demand
Kejriwal has been demanding Maheish Girri's arrest alleging that he was involved in the 16 May murder of Khan, a day before he was scheduled to pass the final order on the lease terms of 'Connaught Hotel' located on a property leased out by the New Delhi Municipal Council.

------------------
Kuala Lumpur: A Malaysian opposition politician who worked on native land rights issues was shot dead on Tuesday six weeks after a failed run for a local assembly seat.

Bill Kayong, 43, was gunned down in his pickup truck while stopped at a traffic light in the small city of Miri in Sarawak state, police said.
Kayong was a member of the opposition Parti Keadilan Rakyat (People`s Justice Party) and had run for a Sarawak state assembly seat in elections held on May 7.
Dev Kumar, the head of criminal investigations for Sarawak, which lies along the northern portion of huge Borneo island, said in a statement that Kayong was "shot dead by an unknown person using a shotgun."
He urged the public not to speculate on possible motives for the killing, promising a thorough investigation.
Kayong is a member of one of Sarawak`s many indigenous tribes and was active in fighting on behalf of indigenous peoples, especially on land-rights issues, Steve Teo, Keadilan`s local youth-wing chief, told AFP.
Teo said he knew of no specific possible motive for the killing.
Sarawak is known for its once-towering rainforests and its powerful rivers.
Tribal groups have for years resisted logging, the expansion of palm-oil estates, and the building of hydroelectric dams that have flooded large areas inhabited for generations by tribespeople.

Tribal activists say their land rights have in many cases been stolen, with the collusion of the state government and well-connected companies.
Malaysia`s ruling coalition won a landslide victory in last month`s state polls, which the opposition and independent analysts said was marred by blatant government handouts to voters and other "money politics", as well as gerrymandering that favoured the coalition.

------------------
New Delhi: BJP MP Maheish Girri continuing his hunger strike outside Delhi CM Arvind Kejriwal's residence on Monday said that he won't even move from here till Kejriwalcomes out and he gets justice.

Here are the updates :-
-Girri should refrain from doing nautanki (drama) by staging a hunger strike outside Arvind Kejriwal's residence. Unless he is arrested and questioned by the police there could not be any talk of his innocence," says Delhi AAP convenor Dilip Pandey.
- "We don't want this issue to be politicised. We're just seeking justice for my father," says the daughter of MM Khan.
- "Only want the probe to take place without any interference, request him (Maheish Girri) to not hold hunger strike," daughter of MM Khan added.

- "Police must arrest him (Maheish Girri) and must investigate. Police is not conducting probe because of pressure from BJP," alleges Arvind Kejriwal.
- "Do we've an open debate on murder cases? Is this BJP's way to seek criminal justice?," asks Arvind Kejriwal.


-BJP MP Vijay Goel joins protest led by Mahesh Giri outside CM Kejriwal's residence in Delhi

-BJP MP Manoj Tiwari joins protest led by Mahesh Girri outside CM Kejriwal's residence in Delhi

- Reportedly, BJP MP from DelhiManoj Tiwari is also expected to join the protest
- "Lt Governor Najeeb Jung must be dismissed," BJP leader Subramanian Swamy said after joining protest outside CM Kejriwal's residence.
- I have come here in support of Mahesh Girri because CM Kejriwal has levelled baseless allegations: Subramanian Swamy
-BJPMP DrSubramanianSwamyhas reached the venue to protest against Delhi CM Arvind Kejriwal. Swamy lashed out at Kejriwal for using unparliamentary language against many leaders.

-BJP MP Dr Subramanian Swamy is expected to joining Maheish Girri outside Arvind Kejriwal's residence
- "ArvindKejriwal is brining up Modi Ji's name again & again just to deflect from this issue & to cover up his own shortcomings (sic)," BJP MP Maheish Girri tweeted.
- "Hunger strike will continue as the Delhi CM levelled baseless allegations of my involvement in NDMC official MM Khan's murder," Maheish Girri said.
- Maheish Girri is demanding that Kejriwal should prove his allegations regarding the murder of MM Khan.
- Meanwhile, Arvind Kejriwal on Monday morning demanded that Maheish Girri should be arrested by the 'Modi Police'.
- "He shud be arrested n interrogated by Modi police in MM Khan murder case. Modi police shielding him (sic)," Kejriwal said in a tweet.
- The BJP lawmaker from East Delhi sat on a hunger strike yesterday evening outside the residence of Kejriwal and said that the Delhi Chief Minister has levelled baseless allegations regarding his involvement in the murder case.
- In a letter to Lieutenant Governor Najeeb Jung, Kejriwal had accused him of trying to "save" Girri and NDMC vice-chairman Karan Singh Tanwar in Khan's murder.
- Girri had asked Kejriwal for a public debate over his allegations.

MM Khan's murder
Khan was shot dead in Jamia Nagar on May 16, a day before he was scheduled to pass the final order on the lease terms of a hotel which was functioning on a property leased out by the civic body.

------------------
Multan: In latest spate of honour killing, the family members of a woman in Pakistan's Multan city slit the throat of her husband after they disapproved their marriage.

This is a rare case in the country where a man has been targeted. Usually it has been the women, who are murdered by their relatives each year on the pretext of defending what is seen as a family honour.
As per the police, the murder took place at a marketplace in Burewala, Punjab, on Friday when Muhammad Irshad, 43, was attacked by his father-in-law and two brothers in-law, reports Express Tribune.
Irshad was married to Mussarat Bibi, the daughter of a rich local agricultural family, about an year ago.

Irshat, who fled the place fearing that his in-laws would kill him, had returned to see his parents when the incident took place.
Meanwhile, a manhunt has been launched to find Irshad's in-laws, who remained at large.

------------------
Meerut: A shocking incident of triple murder has been reported from Uttar Pradesh's Meerut.

An assistant branch manager of an insurance company, his wife and another woman were found murdered at his house on Saturday.
Who is this unidentified woman?
52-year-old Chandrashekhar Gupta, his wife Poonam Gupta (50) and an unidentified woman in her 30's were found murdered in Shastri Nagar area here, Field officer B S Vir Kumar said.
Murdered with sharp-edged weapons?
The bodies bore cut marks of some sharp-edged weapon.
Upon receiving information about the incident, DIG Lakshmi Singh, SSP Jorwinder Gord, along with other police officials, reached the crime scene.

Meerut MP Rajendra Agarwal also reached the spot along with BJP workers, and expressed anguish over the incident.
The bodies have been sent for post-mortem, police said, adding the motive behind the incident is yet to be ascertained.

------------------
New Delhi: A Delhi court has sent three men to life imprisonment for killing a person and trying to burn his body, but refused to award them death sentence saying it did not fall in the rarest of rare category.

Additional Sessions Judge Chandra Shekhar handed down the jail term to Bhola, Madan Mohan and Ajay Kumar Mishra for killing Anil following a dispute over money and trying to destroy evidence.
The court noted that they were not previous offenders and the crime was not committed in a manner so as to arouse intense and extreme indignation of the community.
"It seems that though all murders are cruel in nature. The difference between one case of murder and the other is marked by the manner and mode in which it is committed and the effect it makes on the psyche of the society as a whole.
"It seems that facts of the present case are not covered within the illustrations or under the category of rarest of rare cases," the judge said.
"The murder was committed but in facts and circumstances of the present case, it cannot be said that it was committed in an extremely brutal, grotesque, diabolical, revolting or dastardly manner so as to arouse intense and extreme indignation of the community," the judge said.
It also noted that the convicts' conduct in jail and during trial was unquestioned.
"... Therefore, it seems that the judicial record does not suggest any special compelling circumstances warranting death sentence against convicts and it seems that it shall be in the interest of justice if life sentence is warranted against them for the offence under section 302 (murder) of IPC," it said.
The court also noted that the trio "had turned inimical towards Anil after he asked Madan to return his money".
It also imposed a fine of Rs one lakh each while holding them guilty saying the evidence were clearly pointing against them and relied on testimony of the victim's brother who had last seen Anil with the accused.
"The evidence on judicial record are clearly pointing out against accused persons and it seems they cannot be called innocent as Sunil (victim's brother) has deposed that he saw his deceased brother in the company of the accused....
"He has also given reasons as to why the accused were having grudge against his deceased brother which provides motive for committal of murder," it noted.

According to prosecution, Anil was with the trio on the night of February 2, 2012 when a quarrel broke out among them after Anil demanded the money he had loaned to Madan.
A complaint was lodged by the victim's brother after he did not return home the next day, it said, adding that he took the police to Bhola's house where the body was found.

------------------
Jhunjhunu: This chilling video will force you to think - Has humanity died?

In a shocking incident, a guard, who was sleeping inside an ATM, was beaten to death by looters.
The video footage of this incident will give you goose bumps!
The incident was reported from Rajasthan's Jhunjhunu district.

The guard died after being brutally beaten by a heavy stick or rod like object.
WATCH the video here:-



Reportedly, the incident took place on 9th June, 2016 at around 4:32 AM.

------------------
Puebla state: Mexican police have arrested a suspect in connection with the murder of 12 members of the same family in a crime linked to personal conflicts, officials said Wednesday.


Gunmen marched into the remote mountain hamlet of El Mirado in central Puebla state last Friday and opened fire on an entire family.

Two suspects, who were identified, fled the scene of the massacre.

The Puebla state prosecutor`s office said on Twitter that the investigation was "progressing" as it placed a man in custody in relation with the case.

It did not provide more details about the suspect.

Vicente Lopez, the mayor of Coxcatlan whose municipality oversees the hamlet, said local police detained a man named Carlos in the El Mirador area.

Prosecutors say one of the victims was a woman who had given birth to a boy after being raped by one of the suspects nine years ago.

Lopez has described the mass murder as an act of "vengeance."


The woman`s partner, who was also killed, had more wounds than the others and had been stabbed.
The death toll was raised from 11 to 12 after authorities said that the woman was 37 weeks pregnant and that the fetus had not survived.

The rapist is not the suspect who was detained, an official at the prosecutor`s office said on condition of anonymity because he was not authorized to speak publicly.

------------------
Ahmedabad: In a strange development, police in Gujarat have taken into custody 18 male lions for the murder of three persons.

The police will now take the paw-prints of all 18 'suspects' and get their feces tested as part of their effort to find out which of the big cats is guilty of murder.
And once it is clear who the culprit is, he will be handed a 'life sentence'. That is, the guilty male lion would be sent to a zoo for his entire life. And the rest of the Asiatic lions would then be released back into the wild.
The Washington Post quoted JA Khan, state's top forest official, as saying, "We think we have pinpointed the guilty lion, but we are still awaiting the results of nine more animals."
Meanwhile, wildlife expert Ruchi Dave told the BBC, "The officials are also studying the animals' behaviour. Man eating lions usually get aggressive at the sight of a human being."

The decrease in forest area has led to an increase in man-animal conflict in recent years and species on both sides lose life as part of the conflict.
It is estimated that there are some 400 Asiatic lions left in the wild and most of them live inside the Gir National Park in Gujarat. The Park, on the other hand, can only accommodate 270 which sometimes forces some of the big cats to venture outside and 'clash' with humans.

------------------
Lahore: A Pakistani girl has been killed by her brother for insisting on marrying a man of her choice, police said today, marking the country's latest gruesome "honour killing" following a string of incidents that have sparked national outrage.


Anum Ishaq masih, in her late teens and from a Christian family, was murdered while she slept in the city of Sialkot southwest of Lahore in the early hours of Sunday.

"Saqib Ishaq masih, 23, killed his sister by smashing her head with a wooden log while she was sleeping," Rana Zulfiqar, the officer in-charge of the police station in Sialkot told AFP.
"The girl, named Anum Ishaq masih, was in her late teens and wanted to marry a Christian neighbour but the family was against the marriage," he said.

Rana said the girl was insisting on Saturday that she would marry the man, infuriating her sibling.
The brother has since been arrested and charged with murder after the girl's father filed a case against him.

Shamoon Gill, a Christian activist, told AFP that honour killings were very rare among the Christian community in Pakistan.


"It has nothing to do with religion but is part of a social issue that is deeply rooted in the eastern societies," he said.

Hundreds of women are murdered by their relatives in Pakistan each year on the pretext of defending what is seen as family honour, and this latest incident follows a spate of recent attacks.

------------------
Paris: A man has taken the wife and son of a policeman hostage in the Paris suburbs after stabbing the officer to death, police sources said.



The man was holed up with the hostages in the policeman's home in Magnanville, northwest of the French capital, late yesterday. Elite police were at the scene.

The attacker stabbed the officer repeatedly outside the property as he returned home around 9 PM local time, sources said.

------------------
Roswell: A New Mexico man is accused of fatally shooting his wife and four daughters in their family home and then fleeing in his car, authorities said.


Juan David Villegas-Hernandez remained at large a day after the five victims were found dead, Roswell police said.

A relative who went to check on the family late Saturday discovered the bodies, police spokesman Todd Wildermuth said yesterday.

Officers responded and found all five had suffered gunshot wounds.

A medical examiner will conduct autopsies to confirm the victims' identities and cause of death. But police believe they are Villegas-Hernandez's wife and the couple's children, Wildermuth said.


Investigators say the suspect and his 34-year-old wife share four daughters ages 14, 11, 7 and 3.
The shooting likely occurred earlier in the day, Wildermuth said.

Villegas-Hernandez may be driving a red, four-door Ford pickup with New Mexico license plate KJS479.

------------------
Patna:Nand Gopal Pandey alias Fauji, the prime accused in the murder of Ranvir Sena chief Brahmeshwar Singh, has been arrested in Bihar's Jamui district, police said on Thursday.

"Fauji Pandey was arrested with arms from a construction site by a special police team on Wednesday night," a district police official said.
The arrest took place four years after Brahmeshwar Singh was shot dead in Ara town while on a morning walk.
Fauji was carrying a reward of Rs.50,000 on his head and faced over a dozen criminal charges including those of murder, extortion and abduction.
"We will interrogate Fauji to know more about motive behind the killing and other people's involvement," a police officer said.

Brahmeshwar Singh founded the Ranvir Sena, an upper caste private militia that had been blamed for many killings, mainly the poor.
The police had filed a chargesheet against six people for the murder.

------------------
Jamshedpur: The signature campaign launched by parents of late TV actress Pratyusha Banerjee to garner support for a CBI probe into her unnatural death received a good response as over 1000 people signed in favour of the demand today.

"Till now, more than 1000 people have signed on the banner supporting our demand for a CBI probe into the death of Pratyusha," who allegedly committed suicide on April 1 in Mumbai, her father Sankar Banerjee said.
There is no space left in the banner but people are still putting their signature on it," said Banerjee, who was accompanied by his wife Soma and other relatives. The signature campaign began at 5 PM and was to continue till 8 PM at Bata Chowk in Sakchi market, he said expressing satisfaction over the response.
Today's campaign is preceded by an online campaign today where around 700 people have already shown their support for a CBI probe.
"We have lost everything and it is now the people and media support that could help meet our demand. But if it fails to evoke any positive response, we will be left with no option but to seek euthanasia," the father of 'Balika Badhu' fame actor said.
He demanded capital punishment for Pratyusha's boyfriend Rahul Raj Singh, who, they alleged, have murdered their daughter in cold blood.

Banerjee said they would meet Jharkhand Chief Minister Raghubar Das and Jharkhand Women's Commission Chairperson tomorrow at Ranchi to seek their support for CBI support to unearth the mystery behind Pratyusha's death.
"My daughter can never commit suicide," he said. Rahul Raj Singh was booked for abatement of suicide and criminal intimidation in connection with her death.

------------------
Dhaka: It's yet another brutal murder in a series of attacks on minorities by suspected Islamist militants in Bangladesh.

In a shocking incident, a 70-year-old Hindu priest was slaughtered by unidentified attackers in western Bangladesh on Tuesday.
Ananda Gopal Ganguly's death: Brutal details
The body of Ananda Gopal Ganguly was found with his head nearly severed in a rice field near his home in the village of Noldanga in Jhenidah district.
Reportedly, the priest left home this morning saying that he was going to a Hindu house to offer prayers.
Later farmers found his near-decapitated body at a rice field.
"It was too early to point fingers at any group, but added that 'pattern of the killing is similar to ones carried out by local Islamist militants in recent time'," the area's deputy police chief Gopinath Kanjilal said.
More than 40 people dead killed in three years
Bangladesh is reeling from a wave of murders of secular and liberal activists and religious minorities that have left more than 40 people dead in the last three years.
Ganguly is 11th person to be killed
Ganguly is the 11th person to be killed in the last ten weeks with most of the attacks being claimed by Islamic State jihadists` group.

Prime Minister Sheikh Hasina`s government has blamed homegrown Islamists for the attacks, rejecting claims of responsibility from the IS and a South Asian branch of Al-Qaeda.
Experts say a government crackdown on opponents, including a ban on Bangladesh`s largest Islamist party Jamaat-e-Islami following a protracted political crisis, has pushed many towards extremism.

------------------
New Delhi: A shocking incident of triple murder has been reported from Delhi's Brahmapuri area.

In a shocking incident, a 50-year-old woman and her two daughters, aged 19 and nine years, were found murdered at their residence in northeast Delhi's Brahmapuri area on Saturday evening.
Intolerablestench
The incident came to light around 6.30 PM when neighbours called up police complaining of intolerable stench emanating from their house, which was locked from outside.
When it was opened, the highly decomposed bodies of the three were found, a senior official said.
Victims
The victims were identified as Saira (50) and her daughters Mehrunisha and Shabnam, he said.
They had multiple stab injuries and Saira's throat was found slit with a sharp weapon, the official said.
Prima facie, they died at least three days ago.
While Mehrunisha's body was found in a bedroom on the first floor of the house, Shabnam's body was found shoved inside a bathroom.
The killer dragged Saira's body and left it at the staircase leading towards the terrace.
The house was in a disorganised state, suggesting the possibilities of robbery and a scuffle between the victims and the killer, he said.
A case of murder has been registered and the matter is being probed, the senior official said.
The bodies have been sent for postmortem.
Saira's husband Munna passed away around two years ago.

He had married another woman in 2011 with whom he already had two children and they lived separate.
Saira is learnt to be involved in a property dispute with the family of her husband's second wife, the official said.

------------------
Coimbatore: A woman strangled her three-year-old daughter to death to continue her relationship with a youth here, police said on Saturday.

Divya, a resident of Selvapuram area in the city had left her husband last year after a quarrel and had been staying with her parents, they said.
While working as a saleswoman, she got into a relationship with the youth. Her parents warned her against continuing with it, citing the child's future.
Divya, who viewed the child as an obstacle to her relationship, strangled her to death last night and put the body in the bed.

Her brother noticed the child lying motionless for a long time and took her to a nearby hospital, where she was declared brought dead.
Based on a complaint from the brother, Divya was arrested. She later confessed to the crime, police said.

------------------
Nagpur: A 25-year-old woman allegedly killed her husband and child and then committed suicide in Timki locality of the city, police said on Saturday.

Nisha slit her husband and son's throat with a sharp weapon and then ended her life in the wee hours of yesterday, they said.
The incident came to light last evening when neighbours upon sensing a foul smell emanating from the house informed the police.
The deceased were identified as Sarwar Alam (35), Dadu (5) and Nisha, police said.

The trio was residing in a rented house and the neighbours often heard the couple fighting and their son crying, they said.
A case has been registered under section 302 (punishment for murder) of IPC, police said, adding further investigation was on.

------------------
Siwan: In a major development in Bihar journalist Rajdeo Ranjan's murder case, key accusedLaddan Miyan, a close aide of former RJD MP Shahabuddin, surrendered before court on Thursday.

Contract killerLaddanMian, who had been released from jail 15 days beforeRanjan'smurder, leftSiwanwith his family two hours after the crime.
Five persons have already been arrested in connection with the murder of Siwan journalist Rajdeo Ranjan.
Bihar Police ADGP Sunil Kumar had said that the five men were engaged by contract killer Laddan Miyan, known to be close to former RJD MP Mohammad Shahabuddin.

Rajdeo Ranjan, district bureau head of a leading vernacular newspaper, was shot dead by unidentified men when he was going on his motorcycle near fruit market on station road under town police station area of Siwan on May 13 evening.
The killing had drawn country-wide criticism for Nitish Kumar government as a reflection of the slide in law and order situation in the state.

------------------
New Delhi: Union Minister of External Affairs Sushma Swaraj on Tuesday held a meeting with a delegation of African students in Delhi in the wake of death of Congolese national in the capital.

"We tried to explain them that the incident is huge but it isn't an incident of racial discrimination," Sushma Swaraj said after meeting with delegation of African students.
"CCTV footage clearly shows that Indian citizens who were present at spot, tried their best to save Masunda Oliver."
"We held a meeting with African students and told them the incident of death of Congo national is not only unfortunate but painful for us," Sushma Swaraj added.
"Being a mother, I can understand the pain of parents of Congo student (Oliver) who lost their son on a foreign soil," the minister added.
"We've chalked out a plan - Our MoS along with secretary will visit every metro city and hold discussions with African students," Swaraj said.
Sushma Swaraj and VK Singh had jointly held a meeing with a delegation of African students and two leaders.
The spate of rising attacks on African nationals has caused outrage among the community, several thousands of who study in India. The African envoys had last week threatened to boycott the Africa Day event over the murder of Oliver.

Sushma Swaraj assured them of government's commitment to safety and security of African nationals in India.
African nationals were feeling unsafe after brutal murder of a Congolese youth Masunda Oliver in South Delhi's Vasant Kunj on May 20.

------------------
Mexico City: Mexican drug lord Joaquin "El Chapo" Guzman has appealed the government's decision to extradite him to the United States to face narcotics and murder charges, officials and his lawyers have said.

Court documents said the appeal was filed Thursday in Mexico City by two lawyers for Guzman, who is considered the world's most wanted drug boss as leader of the Sinaloa cartel.
"We have filed an appeal against the unconstitutional decision by the ministry of foreign affairs, against those who are in a big hurry for 'El Chapo' Guzman to leave for the United States," said one of the lawyers, Jose Luis Gonzalez, in a press conference yesterday.
The government has 48 hours to respond, officials said.
The appeal comes a week after the foreign ministry announced it had agreed to extradite Guzman, who escaped from a maximum-security prison in July 2015 -- his second dramatic jailbreak -- and was recaptured in January.
Police caught him after a colourful episode involving a US-Mexican soap opera actress and the Hollywood star Sean Penn, who met with Guzman in hiding.
The ministry said it had approved the extradition after receiving assurances from the US government that Guzman would not face the death penalty if convicted, since he could not receive such a punishment under Mexican law.
Guzman is wanted by courts in California and Texas.

President Enrique Pena Nieto's government had previously balked at sending him to the United States.
But after the 59-year-old cartel boss was recaptured in January, Pena Nieto asked the attorney general's office to expedite the extradition process.

------------------
Gaya: A Special Judicial Magistrate Court on Friday rejected the bail plea of Teni Yadav, who is named in the FIR of the Aditya Sachdeva murder case.

Teni, who is a cousin of Rocky the main accused, surrendered before Additional Chief Judicial Magistrate-IV Om Sagar who remanded him to 14 days judicial custody last week.
Teni was allegedly travelling in the SUV with Rocky and bodyguard Rajesh Kumar, when Aditya was shot dead near police lines under Rampur police station area after Rocky`s vehicle was overtaken by the car in which Aditya and his friends were sitting.

Earlier, a local court Gaya rejected the bail petition of Bindeshwari Yadav, alias, Bindi Yadav, father of Rocky Yadav, who is the main accused in the teenager Aditya Sachdeva murder case.
Bindi Yadav is presently lodged in a jail after he was arrested on his alleged involvement in helping his son and hiding evidences in the murder case.
In a separate development, suspended JD(U) MLC Manorama Devi`s bail plea was rejected yet again by the District Judge in Gaya today.

Devi, who is accused of violating prohibition law, was last week sent to 14-day judicial custody. Earlier, Manorama`s bail petition was rejected by the additional chief judicial magistrate.
Devi is the mother of Rocky Yadav, the main accused in the sensational road rage killing of a Class 12 student on May 7.

------------------
New Delhi: The Africa Day celebrations, being organised by the Indian Council of Cultural Relations (ICCR), will be held on Thursday, as per the earlier schedule, said a report.

In the wake of a Congolese man's murder in the national capital last week, African heads of mission had threatened to stay away from the event.
On Wednesday, India moved to assuage the grievances of the envoys and assured them of the safety and security of African nationals in the country.

According to sources, Minister of State for External Affairs VK Singh who met with Eritrean Ambassador Alem Tsehage Woldemariam, also the dean of the Group of African Heads of Mission, and a few other diplomats, strongly condemned the criminal act and assured them that the strongest legal action would be taken.
Masonda Ketada Olivier, 29, was beaten to death by three youths at around 11.30 pm on Friday after a verbal altercation over the hiring of an auto-rickshaw near Kishangarh village in Vasant Kunj area of south Delhi.

Two of the accused have been arrested while the third is on the run.
On Tuesday, Woldemariam in a statement on behalf of all the African heads of mission, sought strong action by the Indian government against the perpetrators of the murderous attack on Oliver.
Woldemariam said the envoys requested that the event be postponed, and that the African nations also decided not to participate in the celebrations, except for a cultural troupe from Lesotho.

Stating that Singh assured the heads of African missions of the Indian government's full support, the sources said Singh would also do an outreach event with African students along with embassies concerned to reassure them of their safety.
Earlier on Wednesday, External Affairs Minister Sushma Swaraj tweeted that she has asked Singh to meet the heads of mission of African countries and assure them of the Indian government's commitment to the security of African nationals.

The Day commemorates the establishment of the African Union in 2001 which replaced the Organisation of African Unity established on May 25, 1963.


------------------
Patna: In a major breakthrough, police on Wednesday arrested five people in connection with Bihar journalist Rajdeo Ranjan's murder case.

Reportedly, the five arrested are shooters.
Bihar Chief Minister Nitish Kumar had said that he was saddened by the killing of a journalist in his state and promised swift action against the guilty.
Condemning the murder of Siwan bureau chief of Hindi daily Hindustan, Rajdeo Ranjan, he had said the probe would be expedited and Bihar Police will bring to book those responsible for the killing.
Earlier, acting on a security audit report of Siwan central jail, the Bihar government has shifted jailed former RJD MP Md Shahabuddin, whose associates are under the police scanner in the murder of journalist Rajdeo Ranjan on May 13, to Bhagalpur jail.

Fingers are being pointed at Shahabuddin, who is also member of RJD's National Executive, in the murder of journalist Rajdeo Ranjan, the bureau chief of a vernacular daily, in Siwan town on May 13.
Shahabuddhin, convicted in a murder case and lodged in Siwan central jail for over a decade, was shifted to Bhagalpur jail hours after a notification was issued by IG Prison Anand Kishore.

------------------
New Delhi: Hours after a restaurant owner in Lajpat Nagar area was shot at, another person in Huaz Qaji area of North Delhi's Chawri Bazar was shot at by unidentified men on Monday night.

The incident took place at around 12 am when Mehtab, a resident of Chawri Bazar, was shot at by four men who were on their bikes.
He was immediately rushed to the hospital and is reported out of danger.
Prima facie, the whole incident appears to be an outcome of personal enmity.
According to the family members of the victim, the accused namely Rashid, Imran, Bittu and Shahnawaz, had earlier also tried to kill Mehtab as they had some property related issues.
The police are now trying to nab the accused.

Earlier in the day, a 60-year-old owner of a restaurant in Lajpat Nagar area was shot at, following an argument by four unidentified men.
The incident had taken place around 10 pm when four men had come to the Sindhi Dhaba in Lajpat Nagar 3 in a car.

------------------
New Delhi: A delegation of BJP leaders led by union minister Nitin Gadkari on Sunday met President Pranab Mukhrejee here and gave him a memorandum over violence against party workers in Kerala.


The delegation lodged a formal protest with the President over the violence which took place in Kerala on May 19-20 during the celebration of the Left Democratic Front's victory in the state assembly polls.
A Bharatiya Janata Party worker named V.R. Pramod of Kodungalloor in Thrissur district of Kerala was allegedly attacked by CPI-M workers during a victory procession. He later died.

------------------
Patna:Bihar Chief Minister Nitish Kumar on Monday said the killing of a senior journalist was an attack on him and that he will recommend a CBI probe if the grieving family insisted.

Saying he was saddened by the murder of Rajdeo Ranjan, the chief minister told the media: "The killing of the journalist is an attack on me."
He said he had full faith in Bihar Police and its investigation.
"We have not left any stone unturned. The investigation is being carried out with highest diligence. Those who committed this crime (will get the strictest punishment)."
Nitish Kumar said he told the police chief on Sunday night to meet the victim's family and ask if they were satisfied with the action taken thus far.
"If they are not satisfied, we will ask for a CBI probe," he added.
Nitish Kumar said: "I have said earlier too. Anyone can commit a crime. But the law has to take its own course."
Ranjan, 46, the Siwan bureau chief of Hindustan, was shot dead at a busy market near the Station Road on Friday night.

Siwan Superintendent of Police Saurav Kumar Shah said nearly a dozen suspects, including Munshi Mian, had been detained in connection with the case.
According to police, Munshi Mian was detained from Pratappur, the village of jailed former MP Mohammad Shahabuddin.


------------------
Surat: Three persons were arrested on Sunday in connection with the last night's triple murder in city's Ashvinikumar road area, where one of the victims was a relative of VHP leader Pravin Togadia, police said.

Police are looking for four more persons in connection with the murders which they suspect occurred over extortion money pertaining to a land deal in Amreli district.
While one of the victims is identified as Bharat Togadia, the relative of the VHP international working president and brother of the Leader of Opposition in Surat Municipal Corporation, Prafful Togadia, others are Balu Hirani and Ashok Patel.
The matter took a political turn with RJD president Lalu Prasad Yadav questioning the law and order situation in Gujarat.
"What kind of governance (raaj) is here?" Lalu tweeted against the backdrop of the "jungle raaj" barb hurled by BJP at the JD(U)-RJD coalition government in Bihar over the recent killings in taht state.
Gujarat state unit Congress president Bharatsinh Solanki also tweeted, "Where is the law and order in Gujarat?"
The victims were stabbed by unidentified persons inside Hirani's office in Varachha locality at around 9 PM.
Mahesh Radadiya who was injured in the attack is battling for life in hospital.
"We have arrested three persons in connection with the triple murder and have identified four other persons whom we are trying to locate and arrest as they are currently absconding," said Surat Police Commissioner, Ashish Bhatia.
He said extortion of money in connection with a piece of land in Amreli district was the prima facie reason behind the murders.
The attackers allegedly used to extort money from Balu Hirani.
The officer said the assailants had come to meet Hirani seeking Rs 50 lakh yesterday.
"These people were extorting money from Hirani and had come to meet him demanding Rs 50 lakh. When other victims, Bharat Togadia, Ashok Patel and Mahesh Radadiya tried to intervene, they attacked them with sharp weapons," Bhatia said.
The arrested persons were identified as Mehul Bharwad, Lalu Bharwad, and Imran.
A team of Varachha police and crime branch sleuths has been deputed to arrest the main accused, identified as Gautam Golden and Ganesh Mangadh.
While Bharat Togadia and Hirani died on the spot, Patel succumbed to injuries in the hospital.

Pravin Togadia today attended the last rites of Bharat and demanded proper investigation into the matter.
"Human life is precious. This is a sad incident that a young life was lost, so police should take action and arrest the culprits," he told reporters.

------------------
Dhaka: Law Enforcers on Sunday detained three suspects for their involvement in the killing of an elderly Buddhist monk in Bangladesh's Naikkhangchhari upazila of Bandarban district.

The suspects have been identified as Abdur Rahim, 25, Md Zia, 26, and Sa Mong Chak, 35.
Abul Khair, the officer-in-charge (OC) of Naikkhangchhari Police Station, confirmed that they were detained from their houses, reports the Daily Star.
U Damma Oaing Cha Bhikkhu, a 73-year-old Buddhist monk, was found dead, with his throat slit, in his temple Chak Nirvana Bouddha Kyang yesterday.
Khair quoting the locals said that two Rohingya men were seen loitering some place away from the usual walk way near the murder spot.
The elderly monk had on Thursday reportedly informed his son that he was feeling unsafe since two unidentified men roamed the temple area.
He had also informed that something unexpected will happen to him and asked his son to stay alert.

Aung Sa Dhoai Chak, the victim's son, said that his father did not have any enmity with anyone in the area.
No group has claimed responsibility for the killing.

------------------
Kochi: BJP on Thursday targeted Congress Vice President Rahul Gandhi for not visiting the family of a Dalit woman, who was raped and murdered in Perumbavoor in Kerala nearly two weeks ago.

"Why Rahul Gandhi has not visited Kerala? He could visit Hyderabad two times after the unfortunate suicide of Rohit Vemula in Hyderabad University," senior BJP leader and Union Minister M Venkaiah Naidu said here.
Hitting back at Congress and CPI(M) over the Hyderabad University incidents, Naidu claimed SFI leader and University Students Union General Secretary Raju Kumar Sahu has quit SFI in protest against the opportunistic politics and propaganda being allegedly played over Vemula's suicide.
He said Sahu, in his resignation letter, has said the student body heading the suicide agitation - the Joint Action Committee and the university's SFI unit, were funded by Congress and CPI(M).
"I would like Congress and Communist Party of India (Marxist) to react on what has been said by the General Secretary of Hyderabad Central University Students Union. He is a SFI activist. He resigned yesterday, held a press conference and exposed SFI, CPI(M) and Congress.
"He said the entire agitation was politically motivated. He said Congress and Left are funding the Hyderabad University movement," the minister told a press conference convened at Nedumbassery.
Naidu said "this is not our charge...These are the charges made by the General Secretary of Hyderabad Central University" and urged to both Congress and CPI(M) to "explain".
Naidu also accused Congress of "diverting" people's attention by raising "unnecessary" issues.

Reacting to Congress' attack on Prime Minister Narendra Modi over his remark comparing Kerala with Somalia, Naidu said, "they are trying to divert attention of people".
"Issue in Kerala is corruption. Issue in Kerala is what happened in Perumbavoor. They are trying to unnecessary divert issues. Let them answer. What about solar scam, what about bar scam, what about palmolein scam, 2G scam," he asked and urged Chief Minister Oommen Chandy and senior Congress leader A K Antony to answer these questions.

------------------
Mumbai: Actor Emraan Hashmi says he will star in the fourth part of the popular thriller 'Murder' after being a part of the first and second installment.

The first part of 'Murder', directed by Anurag Basu, released in 2004 saw Emraan starring opposite Mallika Sherawat. It was a breakthrough film in the 'Jannat' actor's career, who had made his debut in 'Footpath'.
"'Murder 4' is on the pipelines, they are working on the script. It is going to happen for sure but I don't know exactly about when the film will begin," Emraan told PTI.
The 37-year-old actor starred in its sequel, 'Murder 2' in 2011 opposite Jacqueline Fernandez. 'Murder 3', however, featured Randeep Hooda in the lead.
The 'Hamari Adhuri Kahani' star will also return to the horror franchise, 'Raaz' with the fourth part of the series scheduled to release this year.

"'Raaz 4' will be a spook fest the way horror films are supposed to be. It will definitely take the horror genre more forward in India."
Emraan will be next seen in 'Azhar', scheduled to release tomorrow.

------------------
Chennai: In a shocking incident, the body of 67-year-old Rohini Premkumari, a renowned oncologist, was found murdered at her home in Egmore.

According to various reports, Dr Rohini, who was found with her hands and legs were tied with a rope, was apparently hit on her head with an iron rod.
Her mouth was closed with a medical tape.
The Hindu has quoted police officials investigating the case as saying: Around 10.30 am on Sunday, her mother Subhadra Nair (88), who can barely walk, was waiting for her food. When there was no response to her calls to Rohini, she called Mr Parameswaran (a relative) to come and check.
The duo then found Dr Rohini's body in the garden area of her palatial house.


The victims relatives alleged that Dr Rohini had a tiff with a contractor a few days ago. We are investigating the murder from all possible angles and special crime teams have been formed to trace the assailant, police said.
According to police, there were signs of struggle in the lawn. The lights were found switched on well into the day. We suspect the murder may have happened on Saturday night when the doctor was taking a walk on her lawn, police said.

------------------

------------------
Gaya: With a class 12 student being shot dead by a Janata Dal (United) MLC's son in a road rage case late last night, the Bihar Police on Sunday arrested the accused youth's father on charges of 'criminal conspiracy and harbouring the accused'.


"We have arrested two persons, Bindi Yadav and a bodyguard Allegation against Bindi Yadav is of criminal conspiracy and harbouring the accused," SSP Gaya Garima Malik told ANI.
Bindi was detained earlier in the day while the police had arrested the bodyguard.
Aditya Sachdeva, the victim, was returning home after celebrating his birthday when he overtook Rocky's car.

A scuffle broke out between the two sides when Rocky shot Aditya dead.
Talking to ANI earlier, Bindi Yadav defended his son and alleged that his son was assaulted by those sitting in the victim's car.
"My son was driving the car and those four persons in the other car were drunk. They overtook his car and stopped my son on the way. They then pulled him out of the car and started beating him," said Yadav.
"During the scuffle, my son took out his licensed pistol in defence and by mistake it happened," he added.
Yadav further said the law will take its own course in this matter, adding he has immense faith and respect for the judiciary.

Meanwhile, the Janata Dal (United) has assured appropriate action against the accused.
"Anyone taking law in their hands will not be spared.such people can't be protected," JD (U) leader Ali Anwar told ANI. 

------------------
Karachi: Prominent Pakistani rights activist Khurram Zaki was shot dead while having dinner with a friend at a restaurant here, and his NGO blamed "Takfiri Deobandi militants" for the killing.

Zaki, 40, was with his journalist friend Rao Khalid when two attackers arrived on a motorcycle, sprayed bullets at them and sped away, the media quoted police as saying.
Rao Khalid and a bystander were critically wounded in the attack.
The News International said Zaki suffered multiple bullet wounds. The attackers used a 9mm pistol. Ten spent bullet shells were found from the scene of the crime.
A former journalist, Zaki was an active campaigner for human rights and edited the website and Facebook page "Let Us Build Pakistan (LUBP)", which claimed to "spread liberal religious views".
LUBP Editor in Chief Ali Abbas Taj offered condolences "to Pakistani nation on the martyrdom of Zaki" and said he was second from the editorial team of LUBP to be killed by Deobandi militants.
"For the last one year, Zaki was a target of a systematic hate campaign by Deobandi fanatic Shamsuddin Amjad of the Jamaat-e-Islami Pakistan in collaboration with the banned Sipah-e-Sahaba Pakistan (SSP)."
Taj said "hateful and violence inciting posters" against Zaki had been published recently by the Facebook page run by the pro-Taliban fanatics of Jamaat-e-Islami.
According to his Twitter profile, Zaki was the former head of current affairs for TV Channel News One, where he looked after infotainment and religious programming.
Zaki's website Lubpak.com is currently blocked in Pakistan, Dawn News reported on Sunday.
Zaki was last in the media limelight alongside activist Jibran Nasir in a campaign against Lal Masjid cleric Maulana Abdul Aziz for inciting hatred against Shia Muslims.
The campaigners had managed to get a case registered against Aziz.
Rights activist Sabeen Mahmud, who was also gunned down in Karachi, had also taken part in the protest against Lal Masjid.
According to social media, Zaki was also a research scholar, blogger as well as human rights activist.

The Muttahida Qaumi Movement (MQM) condemned the killing and demanded the immediate arrest of the murderers.
Zakis murder is condemnable. Incidents of targeted killing are occurring in spite of on-going operations in the city, the MQM said.

------------------
New Delhi: The National Investigation Agency (NIA) on Saturday submitted charge sheet before a special court against 10 accused in the double murder case of BJP leaders in Bharuch, claiming the killings were part of a larger conspiracy involving co-accused located in Pakistan and South Africa.

Reportedly, the Dawood Ibrahim's D-Company had lured people by saying that 'target Hindu leaders seen to have had a role in the Gujarat riots and those perceived as "anti-Muslim" and get good money and jobs in South Africa', according to a report in TOI.
'Strike terror in minds of people belonging to particular section of society'
As per the charge sheet submitted before the special NIA court of principal judge P B Desai, "The case relates to murder of two persons ...as part of a larger conspiracy in which co-accused located in foreign countries too, were conspiring to kill and strike terror in the minds of people belonging to a particular section of society."
"During investigation, role of co-accused located in Pakistan and South Africa has also emerged and investigation of the case is being continued to collect more evidence against the accused," it said.
The central agency said charge sheet against two more arrested accused - Abdul Samad and Nasir Khan Pathan - will be filed later.
The charge sheet was filed against accused Saiyed Imran, Zuheb Ansari, Inayat Patel, Mohmad Yunus, Haider Ali, Nissarbhai Sheikh, Mohsin Khan Pathan, Mohmed Altaf Shaikh, Abid Patel and Abdul Salim Ghanchi.
BJP leaders Shirish Bangali, Pragnesh Mistry's killings
Former BJP president of Bharuch and senior RSS member Shirish Bangali and general secretary of Bharatiya Janta Yuva Morcha Pragnesh Mistry were shot dead in the district by two unidentified gunmen on November 2 last year.
Public prosecutor Geeta Gorambe also submitted three applications before the court, seeking permission to keep identity of some witnesses secret, details of certain documents hidden, and NIA protection to the witnesses.
Gorambe told the court that NIA will itself provide protection to certain witnesses but wanted court permission for the same. The court granted permission for all three requests.
A total of 12 accused were arrested in connection with the case and were booked under relevant sections of the Unlawful Activities (Prevention) Act, IPC, Arms Act the Gujarat Police Act.

The special court had in December last year granted NIA more time for filing the charge sheet.
Initially, Bharuch police along with Gujarat Anti Terrorist Squad (ATS) conducted the probe and had termed the murders as an 'act of terror'.

------------------
Kochi: The Kerala High Court on Friday observed that no interference is warranted at this stage in the probe by state police's Special Investigation Team into the brutal rape and murder of a Dalit woman, and adjourned till May 30 a PIL seeking CBI investigation.

Considering a PIL filed by Advocate T B Mini, a vacation bench, comprising Justices A M Shaffique and K Ramakrishnan, also observed that the investigators cannot be guided by media reports.
Appearing for the state government, Director General of Prosecutions informed the court that the investigation into the rape and murder of the law student is in progress and is at a crucial stage.
He also said details about the progress made in the SIT investigation can be submitted before the court in a sealed cover.
Following this, the court adjourned the PIL to May 30.
Earlier, Union Home Minister Rajnath Singh, while addressing a BJP election meeting in Kollam district, said the Centre is ready to conduct a CBI probe into the incident. "CBI probe should be held into the murder. As the country's Home Minister, I assure you that as soon as we get a recommendation (in this regard) from the state government, we are prepared to conduct a CBI probe," said Singh, who began electioneering for the May 16 Assembly polls in Kerala.

The Home Minister said the guilty will be brought to book.
The 30-year-old woman, who hailed from a poor family, was raped and brutally assaulted using sharp-edged weapons before being murdered at her house at nearby Perumbavoor in Ernakulam district on April 28.

------------------
Mumbai: A Mumbai Sessions Court here on Thursday sentenced to life imprisonment four youths charged with killing two men who attempted to prevent them from molesting their women friends five years ago.

The convicts are Jitesha Rana, Sunil Bodh, Satish Dulgaj and Dipak Pivar who had attacked Keenan Santos, 24, and his friend Rueben Fernandes, 29, on the night of October 20, 2011, after they tried to harass their two women friends outside a restaurant in Andheri.

Talking to reporters, Keenans father Valerian Santos said he was happy with the sentence given to the guilty. They should live every moment thinking about Keenan and Reuben, said Santos.

After a lot of pain, the court has finally given the verdict what we wanted, he said, adding: Even if they (guilty) go to God, I will still stand in front and ask for justice for my son.
Santos further said that the journey was still not over as the guilty will appeal to higher courts, that is their right.

------------------
New Delhi: It's a twist in tale!

Former media tycoon Peter Mukerjea is considering seeking a divorce from his wife Indrani Mukerjea.
"Peter has been considering this since January," advocate Mihir Gheewala, Peter's lawyer, said, according to a report in TOI.
"Peter had since the beginning of this year conveyed to me that the marriage had ended and he was keen to get a divorce," Mihir Gheewala added.

"Initiation of the divorce process has been deferred since Peter's bail plea is pending," Mihir Gheewala added.
Indrani was arrested last August along with her ex-husband Sanjeev Khanna and driver Shyamwar Rai for the murder of Sheena Bora, who, the CBI has said, is her biological daughter and not sister as she claimed.

------------------
Mumbai: Former media tycoon Peter Mukerjea, who is one of the four prime accused in the Sheena Bora murder case, wrote a love letter to his wife Indrani Mukerjea on her birthday.

Dated January 3, Peter, in the one-page letter, compared himself and his wife (another prime accused in the murder case) to lovers Romeo and Juliet.

Mid-day got a glimpse of the letter which said:
"Mumu, my dearest. Today is the special day in your life and mine too. Therefore, your birthday is a day we have always spent together since we met and this is the first year we're so close and yet so far! What can I say, other than to wish you a Happy Birthday in the now. Have a pleasant day, as much as you can.
Remember that I am thinking of you throughout. You pray that you get through your innocence and get clear of this nightmare in good times. I hope this reaches you and you get to see it so it gives you a moment of joy in all the sadness that everyone is going through, you and me, most of all.
This is just a short note for today as a real birthday special to touch you and reach out to you on your day. A big hug and moooaah to you. I don't know what else I can do - can't send you flowers or a cake or something that you would enjoy but this note to you is from the heart and with love from a man to his love and wife.
God is great and will see an end to this, and like Romeo and Juliet, we will hopefully see each other soon.
No more emotional stuff. Smile today, no matter what, my love, and you'll feel better for that. This year brings us more joy and happiness than 2015 did. Lots to look forward to, my treasure. Hugs and love, happy birthday girl! Yours, Pxxxxx."
Interestingly, on January 04, a day after this letter, Peter's lawyers filed his first bail application, stating that Indrani befooled Peter and she was responsible for her daughter Sheena's death.


Peter Mukerjea was arrested on November 19, 2015, nearly three months after the arrest of his wife Indrani Mukerjea, her ex-husband Sanjeev Khanna and her former driver Shyamvar Rai, who were arrested in August.
Among other things, the Central Bureau of Investigation has charged Peter Mukerjea with conspiracy in the kidnapping and killing of Sheena on April 24, 2012, and later burning and disposing of her body in the forests of adjoining Raigad district, around 90 km south of Mumbai.

------------------
Thiruvananthapuram: Kerala Chief Minister Oommen Chandy, Wednesday, will meet the family of the law student, who was brutally raped and murdered in Perumbavoor.

The Kerala CM promised to provide help to the family with the permission of Chief Electoral Officer. Reports say that the state government is likely to provide job to victim's sister.
At Perumabavoor to meet kin of student who was murdered. Govt to provide help to the family with the permission of Chief Electoral Officer.
Meanwhile, two persons have been taken into custody in connection with the rape and brutal murder of a 30-year-old Dalit woman at Perumbavoor that sparked street protests by students and rights activists across the state on Tuesday.
Jisha was found murdered on April 28 at her home near a canal in Perumbavoor in Ernakulam by her mother who works as a casual labourer.

The possibility that Jisha might have been sexually assaulted and the mutilation that her body bore has led some to compare the case with that of Jyoti Singh 'Nirbhaya' who was gang-raped and brutalised on December 16, 2012 in a moving bus in Delhi.
With assembly polls to take place on May 16, the Left opposition, led by CPI-M, is now determined to take this case up as an election issue to hit at the Chandy government. 

------------------
New Delhi: A four-year-old girl was allegedly raped by her neighbour, who also tried to kill her in east Delhi's Kalyanpuri area, police said on Monday.

The girl is presently admitted in a hospital and her condition is critical.
Meanwhile, the 26-year-old accused has been arrested.
The girl lives with her parents, both workers at a private enterprise, and grandmother on the second floor of a building at Kalyanpuri in which the accused too is a co-tenant, police said.
The incident took place on Saturday afternoon when the girl was sleeping beside her grandmother and the accused whisked her away to his room.
When he allegedly forced himself upon her, the girl screamed following which the accused gagged her.
Failing to manage the situation, he then tried to strangulate her, police said.
The girl fell unconscious and the accused assumed that she was dead.
He first decided to dump her outside the building but there were too many people outside. He changed his plans and went to the girl's house once again to drop her there and secretly return to his own room.
But this time the girl's grandmother was awake looking for the child and raised an alarm when she saw the accused carrying her granddaughter, who was unconscious and bleeding from her private parts, police said.
Locals held the accused and thrashed him.
They also rushed the girl to Lal Bahadur Shastri Hospital, where she was admitted in a critical condition.
It was the hospital authorities which informed the police.

When a police team went to the building, locals handed over the accused to them.
He was arrested immediately, charged under IPC sections for rape, attempt to murder and criminal intimidation and provisions of Protection of Children from Sexual Offences Act, police said.

------------------
Aligarh: In a major incident of violence in Aligarh Muslim University campus, one ex-student was shot dead after clashes broke out between two groups.


Reportedly, the proctor's office was also set on fire.
The violence took place on Saturday night.
Sources say firearms were openly used inside the campus.
Reportedly, the student's death was a result of gang war in the university campus.

Heavy security has been deployed at AMU campus in the wake of clash.


------------------
Jaipur:Under pressure from various quarters, the Rajasthan government on Tuesday asked the Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) to inquire into a case of a teenaged Dalit girl who was allegedly raped and found dead under mysterious circumstances in March.

The 17-year-old Dalit girl, a resident of Trimohi village in Barmer district, was found dead in a water tank at an institute in Nokha in Bikaner district on March 29.
She was pursuing a course to become a school teacher.
"Chief Minister Vasundhara Raje has decided to order a CBI inquiry into the incident," a state home ministry official told IANS.
Congress vice president Rahul Gandhi had met the family members of the girl on April 13 and had demanded a CBI probe into the matter.
The girl's parents alleged their daughter was raped and murdered in the institute by a teacher and she was also subjected to caste abuse by one of the teachers.

Three teachers are at present in judicial custody till April 21 and investigations are underway.
Besides the Congress, some NGOs had also demanded a CBI inquiry.

------------------
Columbia: A 12-year-old cousin of a teenage American football player shot dead in December was himself shot and killed hours after an event honoring his slain relative, police said Sunday.

Jajuan Hubert Latham was shot in the head in Knoxville, Tennessee on Saturday, shortly after attending a celebrity basketball game in honor of Zaevion Dobson, 15, who was killed in December shielding his friends from gunfire.
The death of Dobson, a high-school athlete, prompted President Barack Obama to tweet at the time: "Zaevion Dobson died saving three friends from getting shot. He was a hero at 15. What`s our excuse for not acting?"
Latham was shot in the head and rushed to a hospital by his father, but doctors were unable to save him, Knoxville police said in a statement.
Latham was hit while he was sitting in the back of his father`s car after shooting erupted between a large number of people in a park and the occupants of two vehicles driving by.

"We went and had a good time and he was a good kid," his father Hubert Latham said, referring to the basketball game, which was also designed to appeal to youngsters to stop the violence.
"They took my son`s life."

------------------
Meerut:A 27-year-old woman was today stabbed to death and her sister injured allegedly by their landlord over a house-related dispute in Lisari Gate area here, police said.

Shajia was killed and Bushra (24) injured when their landlord Altaf allegedly stabbed them several times, Circle Officer Kotwali Vineet Bhatnagar said.
The incident occurred after an argument broke out between the two sisters and Altaf over the latter's demand that they vacate the rented accommodation, he said.
Shajia died on the way to hospital while Bushra is admitted to a hospital in serious condition, he said.
Lisari Gate Police Station In-charge Ravindra Singh Yadav said the accused is absconding.

An FIR has been registered against Altaf and efforts are on to nab him, he said.
The body has been sent for postmortem and an investigation is underway.

------------------
Hyderabad: In a shocking incident, a man slit the throat of his wife within the premises of a court in Rajendernagar on the city outskirts on Monday.

Nagender Babu and his wife Soujanya had come to the court in connection with a case filed by the latter against the former.

The husband attacked his wife with a knife even as people watched in horror. He fled after slitting her throat. The profusely bleeding woman was rushed to a hospital, where her condition is stated to be critical.

According to police, Soujanya had approached the court, seeking directions to her husband to pay maintenance. She had complained that he was not giving her money for the monthly expenses as he developed extra-marital relations with another woman.
(With IANS inputs)

------------------
New Delhi: Nearly 10 days after Tanzil Ahmed was shot dead, his wife Farzana died on Wednesday in Delhi's AIIMS.

Tanzil Ahmed, probing terror cases related to Indian Mujahideen, was shot dead on April 3 by motorcycle-borne assailants who also wounded his wife when they were returning home from a wedding near UP's Bijnor town.
Earlier, on Wednesday, Reyan and Junaid, two of the three killers of NIA officer Tanzil Ahmad, had said that the motive behind the murder was not known to them, but at the same time alleged that Ahmad's behavior towards them was not nice.
Junaid and Reyaan have been placed in UP police custody for the murder of NIA Deputy Superintendent of Police Mohammad Tanzil Ahmed.
The state police had earlier announced a reward of Rs.50,000 to anyone providing information on the whereabouts of the main accused Munir.

Inspector General (Bareilly Zone) Vijay Singh had earlier hinted at revenge and frustration being the motive for the murder of NIA officer Mohammad Tanzil Ahmed.
Singh said that all aspects, including professional and personal rivalry, have been looked into during the probe in connection with the case.

------------------
Bijnor: Reyan and Junaid, two of the three killers of NIA officer Tanzil Ahmad, said that the motive behind the murder was not known to them, but at the same time alleged that Ahmad's behavior towards them was not nice.

"I didn't know that such thing would happen. He took me along with him. Munir knows the real motive, but Tanzil Ahmad's behaviour towards us was not nice," said Reyan, one of the accused.
Another accused, Junaid, said he had no enmity with Tanzil Ahmad and only helped Munir to commit the crime out of friendship.
Junaid and Reyaan have been placed in UP police custody for the murder of NIA Deputy Superintendent of Police Mohammad Tanzil Ahmed.
The state police had earlier announced a reward of Rs.50,000 to anyone providing information on the whereabouts of the main accused Munir.
Tanzil Ahmed, probing terror cases related to the Indian Mujahideen, was shot dead on April 3 by two unidentified motorcycle-borne assailants who also wounded his wife when they were returning home from a wedding near Uttar Pradesh's Bijnor district.

Inspector General (Bareilly Zone) Vijay Singh had earlier hinted at revenge and frustration being the motive for the murder of NIA officer Mohammad Tanzil Ahmed.
Singh said that all aspects, including professional and personal rivalry, have been looked into during the probe in connection with the case.

------------------
Kiev: In a shocking incident, three Indian students were stabbed by three Ukraine nationals in Uzhgorod Medical College of the country.

Two of the students - Pranav Shaindilya, Ankur Singh - have died, while one -Indrajeet Chauhan - is recuperating in hospital. The incident took place on April 10.
Reacting to the incident, Ministry of External Affairs (MEA), Government of India, has said, "Our Embassy in Kiev is ascertaining the facts from police, university and local contacts."
Three Indian students in Uzhgorod Medical College in Ukraine were stabbed by three Ukrainian nationals at around 3 a.m. of Sunday, external affirs ministry spokesman Vikas Swarup said.
He said Pranav Shaindilya, a third year student, and Ankur Singh, a fourth year student, were stabbed fatally. The former belonged to Muzaffarnagar and the latter to Ghaziabad in Uttar Pradesh. Indrajeet Singh Chauhan, a resident of Agra and a third year student, was also stabbed but is recuperating in hospital, Swarup said.
Based on Chauhan's statement, the police apprehended the Ukrainian nationals behind the crime who were trying to cross the Ukrainian border.
Passports and other documents of the three Indian students and a blood-stained knife were reportedly recovered from the killers.

The embassy has spoken to the families of the deceased, he stated.
All necessary actions are being taken to complete the formalities for sending the bodies to India. The embassy is taking up the matter related to the safety of Indian students strongly with the foreign office of Ukraine.

------------------
Lucknow: Several people have been questioned in connection with the killing of National Investigation Agency (NIA) officer Tanzil Ahmed but no arrest or detention has been made so far, police said on Thursday.

"We are quizzing a number of persons, but there is no detention or arrest so far. If there is something concrete, we will share it with media," Additional Director General of Police (Law and order) Daljeet Singh Chaudhary told PTI here.

Chaudhary was replying to some media reports claiming that a relative of the slain NIA officer had been detained.
Tanzil Ahmed, probing terror cases related to Indian Mujahideen, was shot dead on April 3 by two unidentified motorcycle-borne assailants who also wounded his wife when they were returning home from a wedding near UP's Bijnor town.

The ADG had yesterday said some "personal matter" may have been the reason behind the killing and hoped to crack the case at the earliest after zeroing in on certain links.
"We are gradually zeroing in on certain links, especially some personal matters and are assessing forensic evidences. There are certain things which are indicating towards a personal matter," Chaudhary had said.


The police is also looking into any terror angle and a senior level Anti-Terror Squad (ATS) team with the help of other agencies is working on the case, Chaudhary said.
Meanwhile, data of the officer's mobile phone, which was damaged in firing, was being examined.

------------------
Dhaka:A 28-year-old Bangladeshi law student who was critical of radical Islamists has been hacked to death here by machete-wielding militants, the latest in a series of attacks on secular bloggers and activists in the Muslim majority country.

Nazimuddin Samad, a masters student of the state-run Jagannath University's law department, was killed by suspected Islamist militants in Old Dhaka's Sutrapur area last night.
He was attacked by three assailants while walking to his home in Gendaria with another youth after completing classes at the university near Bahadur Shah Park.
While murdering Samad, the killers shouted Allahu Akbar (God is Greatest), witnesses said.
The youth accompanying the victim has been missing since the incident, a police official said.
"They initially hacked him and then fired gunshots to confirm his death," the official said.
Nazim, who hailed from Sylhet, was the information and research secretary of Sylhet district unit of Bangabandhu Jatiya Jubo Parishad. He was also an activist of Gonojagoron Moncho's Sylhet wing.
His friends said Nazim used to campaign for secularism on Facebook and was critical of radical Islamists. A day before the murder, he expressed concerns over the country's law and order in a Facebook post.
Businessmen in the area closed their shops immediately after hearing the gunshots. Police cordoned off the crime scene. They recovered a bullet shell from the spot.
Nurul Amin, assistant commissioner of Sutrapur division, was quoted as saying that police went to the spot and found the body in a pool of blood.
Nurul said it was clear that the assailants kept an eye on Nazim's activities for long.
University Proctor Nur Mohammad said Nazim got admitted to the university two months ago.
"We have informed his family about the murder and are taking detailed information about him," he said.
There have been systematic assaults in Bangladesh over the past six months specially targeting minorities, secular bloggers and foreigners.
Last month, a 65-year-old Christian convert was hacked to death in the northern Bangladeshi town of Kurigram by three motorbike-borne unidentified assailants.
Last year, Bangladesh-born US blogger and science writer Avijit Roy, 42, was attacked just yards away from a book fair in Dhaka. A month later, fellow blogger Washiqur Rahman, 27, was hacked to death in broad daylight near his home in Dhaka's Tejgaon area.

The subsequent victims were Ananta Bijoy Das, 33, a banker and a founder of a group called the Science and Rationalist Council; Niloy Chakrabarti, 40, who wrote online under the pen name Niloy Neel and publisher Faisal Arefin Dipan, 43, who published a bestselling book by Roy.
The Islamic State has claimed a series of attacks in the Sunni-majority Bangladesh.

------------------
Dhaka: Attackers in Bangladesh wielding machetes killed a liberal blogger, police said on Thursday, the latest in series of murders of secular activists by suspected Islamist militants.

Postgraduate law student Nazimuddin Samad, 28, was attacked as he was returning from a class at his university in the capital, Dhaka, late on Wednesday, police said.
Last year, suspected militants killed five secular writers and a publisher, including a Bangladeshi-American activist. A banned Islamist militant group, Ansarullah Bangla Team, claimed responsibility for some of the attacks.
Police officer Tapan Chandra Shaha said three or four men attacked Samad with machetes and then shot him after he fell to the ground.
People heard the attackers shouting "Allahu akbar" (God is Greatest) as they fled, he said.
Imran H Sarker, convener of the BOAN online activist group said Samad was an outspoken critic of injustice and militancy.
"We found him always a loud voice against all injustice and also a great supporter of secularism," Sarker told Reuters.
Bangladesh has seen a wave of militant violence over the past year or so, including a series of bomb attacks on mosques and Hindu temples.

Some recent attacks have been claimed by Islamic State, including the killing of Hindu priest, a Japanese citizen, an Italian aid worker and a policeman.
The government denies that Islamic State has a presence in the Muslim-majority country of 160 million people.

------------------
New Delhi: National Investigation Agency (NIA) officer Tanzil Ahmed was shot dead by two unidentified motorcycle-borne assailants who also wounded his wife when they were returning home from a wedding in UP's Bijnor town.

Here is the video showing his children recounting horror of the brutal murder incident; this will move you to tears. It's a must watch:-

Farzana, the wife of Tanzil Ahmed, is recovering from bullet injuries at a hospital in Noida.
Her condition is still critical.

Ahmed, known for undercover operations, joined the NIA in 2010.
Delhi government has announced Rs one crore compensation to the kin of the NIA officer.

------------------
Noida: Farzana, the wife of National Investigation Agency (NIA) officer Tanzil Ahmed who was murdered earlier this week, is recovering from bullet injuries at a hospital in Noida. Her condition is still critical.

Earlier, The Times of India reported that she has succumbed to the injuries, but later retracted its report.
Tanzil Ahmed had on April 03 died after unknown assailants pumped 21 bullets into him while he was returning from a wedding in Uttar Pradesh's Bijnor district. Police had termed the killing a planned attack.

The shooting in Bijnor district took place when the officer, an assistant commandant in the Border Security Force (BSF) and on deputation with the NIA as an inspector since 2010, was returning from a wedding with his wife and children. His wife Farzana received four bullet injuries, but his children were unharmed.
His wife is undergoing treatment at Fortis Hospital in Noida.
The officer was later laid to rest with full state honours in Shaheen Bagh area of south Delhi.
The NIA had termed Ahmed's killing a "planned attack".


Ahmed, 48, known for undercover operations, joined the NIA in 2010.
Before joining the NIA, Ahmed was part of the in-house team of BSF, providing vigilance cover. He also held tenures as instructor at BSF Academy at Tekanpur, near Gwalior, and training centre at Hazaribagh.

------------------
Etah: A Muslim cleric was shot dead by four unidentified persons at a madrassa here allegedly over an old enmity, police said on Sunday.

The incident occurred last night when the unidentified persons entered a madrassa here and opened fire at mufti Shahjad Ali, they said, adding the mufti was rushed to a hospital where he was declared brought dead.

An old enmity with is suspected to be the reason behind the murder, police said.
An FIR has been lodged in this regard and police is investigating the matter.

------------------
Raipur: A 27-year-old BJP youth wing leader was today shot at and injured allegedly by Naxals at a temple in Chhattisgarh's Bijapur district, police said.

Bijapur district BJYM President Murlikrishna Naidu was shot at by ultras in Bhairamgarh town at around 8 PM when he had gone to a temple, Bijapur Superintendent of Police K L Dhruv told PTI.
Four rebels armed with country-made guns and sharp-edged weapons stormed the temple and attacked him, the officer said.
"The ultras fired two bullets from behind which hit him in the shoulder and waist. They then tried to attack him with an axe but some persons present there came to his rescue," the SP said, adding the rebels then fled the spot.
Naidu was taken to a local hospital from where he was shifted to Jagdalpur district headquarters and was now being airlifted to Raipur for further treatment, Dhruv said.
The officer said prima facie the attack was executed by a small action team of ultras but details will be known only after a probe into the incident is completed.
A native of Bhairmgarh, Naidu is an active leader of the party in the region. He is also close to Chhattisgarh Forest Minister Mahesh Gagda, an MLA from Bijapur constituency.
"Naidu was actively working for the party and looking after my activities in the region. Maoists have targeted him because of his close association with me," Gagda told PTI.




------------------
Bijnor: In a shocking incident, NIA officer Mohammad Tanzil was shot dead in front of wife - Farzana - and two children on Saturday night in Utttar Pradesh's Bijnor district.

Here are few things to know the NIA officer Mohammad Tanzil:-
1)- He was a deputy SP in National Investigation Agency (NIA)
2)- Reportedly, he was involved in various cases related to Indian Mujahideen and ISIS
3)- He was also involved in several other core operations of the NIA

4)- Mohammad Tanzil was murdered when he was returning from a wedding with his wife and two kids
5)- His car (Wagon R) was stopped by unidentified motorcyle-borne men as he was returning from wedding function

------------------
Ara: Three more persons were on Saturday arrested with arms and ammunition from a village in Bihar's Bhojpur district in connection with the murder case of BJP leader Visheshwar Ojha about two months ago, a police officer said.

Acting on a tip off, a police team comprising IPS Probationer Daya Shankar and Assistant Superintendent of Police Operations, Md. Sajid raided Bariswan village and nabbed three persons allegedly involved in Ojha's murder case, Superintendent of Police Navin Chandra Jha told reporters.
The accused persons, identified as Bablu Thakur, Vinod Thakur and Shyam Bihari Thakur - all natives of neighbouring Uttar Pradesh - were hiding in the said village ever since their name cropped up in the murder case of the BJP leader, he said.
Three regular rifles, 65 ammunition, six mobile phones and a motorcycle were seized from their possession, the SP said.
With the arrest of these three persons, the total number of accused persons nabbed in Ojha murder case has gone up to eleven, Jha said.

Raids were being carried out to nab other wanted persons in this connection.
Ojha, the state unit BJP Vice-President, was fatally shot at from close range by unidentified assailants while he was returning home in a SUV from a wedding function in a village in Bhojpur district on February 12 last.

------------------

------------------
Agartala: Levelling serious allegations against Chief Minister Manik Sarkar, Leader of Opposition in the Tripura Assembly Sudip Roy Burman on Monday said that the former was either directly or indirectly involved in the assassination of former health minister Bimal Sinha.

The Yousuf Commission Report on assassination of Sinha was tabled in the Tripura Assembly last Wednesday.

The report allegedly holds Sinha himself responsible for his death by saying that the former health minister used to avoid taking security personnel with him on his visits.Sinha and his brother Bidyut were gunned down by the banned outfit NLFT on March 31, 1998.
According to reports, the Left Front government had formed the Yusuf Commission under acute pressure from the Opposition. The commission had submitted the report in 2000, but the government didn`t publish the report.Later, a petition by an advocated led the Tripura High Court to press the government publish the Commission Report.

------------------
New Delhi: Two of the accused - Naseer and Amir - in Dr Pankaj Narang's murder case are in judicial custody but their family members are planning to leave West Delhi slum.

The family members of the prime accused in the dentist's murder case are now planning to move out of the West Delhi slum once their father returns home after his trip to Andhra Pradesh, a report in TOI said.
Naseer a habitual brawler?
The locals of the West Delhi slum have also alleged this was not the first time that Naseer was involved in a brawl.
In a video surfaced recently, a group of people purportedly led by Naseer was seen dragging a man out of his house and thrashing him.
Nasirs hotheadedness got family into trouble
Family members say that it's due to Nasir's hotheadedness that the entire family got into trouble.
'Nasir damaged our reputation'

Nisha, Nasirs younger sister, says that Nasir has damaged our reputation
40-year-old dentist Pankaj Narang was allegedly beaten to death by a group of about 12 people at his residence in West Delhi's Vikaspuri area. Nine of them, including a juvenile and a middle-aged woman, have been arrested.

------------------
New Delhi: A series of investigations has revealed that a woman played an important part in the murder of the 40-year-old dentist.

A middle-aged woman - Naseer's mother Maesar - has been arrested in connection with the murder of Dr Pankaj Narang.
Naseer's mother Maesar was visible in the CCTV footage allegedly attacking the doctor with her son and others.
Also, further interrogation revealed that Maesar allegedly instigated the violence.
According to Delhi Police, she provoked her son to beat up the doctor.
Naseer and the three other youths, Amir, Ameer and Gopal, all aged around 20 years, were already arrested.

The 40-year-old dentist was allegedly beaten to death by a group of about 12 people at his residence in West Delhi's Vikaspuri area. Nine of them, including a juvenile and a middle-aged woman, have been arrested, police said.

Meanwhile, police have provided security to the doctor's family and several officials were deployed outside his residence.
Investigation into the case is underway and efforts are on to nab the other accused at the earliest, police added.

------------------
New Delhi: It's been four days since Dr Pankaj Narang was allegedly beaten to death at his West Delhi (Vikaspuri area) house. There have been various 'stories' going viral on social media related to the death of the dentist.

Here is the sequence of events that led to the Dr Pankaj Narang's death:-
1)- The incident took place late on the March 23 night
2)- Dentist Pankaj Narang was playing cricket with his eight-year-old son and a nephew in a small space outside his house
3)- The ball allegedly hit two men who were passing by on a motorcycle
4)- This led to a scuffle between the doctor and the two bike-riders - Naseer (23) and a minor.
5)- After the scuffle, the duo, both residents of a nearby slum cluster, left the spot, abandoning their motorbike there only.
6)- The doctor returned home with the children
7)- The duo - Naseer and a minor - returned with at least 10 other people in a few minutes
8)- The group (12 people) allegedly attacked the doctor with bats, sticks and rods at his residence
9)- The group allegedly assaulted everyone who came to the doctor's rescue
10)- The group severely thrashed the doctor's brother-in-law as he tried to save Dr Pankaj Narang from them
11)- The incident took place around 12:30 AM
12)- The neighbours informed the police around 12.45 AM
13)- The accused fled the spot by the time the police team arrived

14)- The doctor and his brother-in-law were rushed to a hospital
15)- Doctor Pankaj Narang succumbed to his injuries

------------------
New Delhi: There is something attractive about the 'serial kisser' of the film industry that we just can't get enough of him. The 'HamariAdhuri Kahani' star turned 37 today! Hashmi entered the film Industry way back in 2002 as an assistant director for 'Raaz'. Thereafter, he marked his debut in Vikram Bhatt's directorial venture 'Footpath' and rose to fame in 2004 thriller 'Murder'.

The actor has changed the critics and masses perspective of being more than just a serial kisser stereotype, with hisspectacular performance in movies like Shanghai, Once Upon a Time in Mumbai, EkThiDaayan, The Dirty Picture, etc.
Though his every movie might not be a blockbuster but the songs definitely compensate for it good enough. It was hard to come up with just tenbest songs from the Birthday boy's movies, still we have tried filtering out the best for you:
'Kaho na kaho' to that special one!

This song is still close to every heart and especially it's Arabic lyrics is an icing on the cake. We believe that Hashmi has changed the 'DDLJ' way of expressing love, with this song 'Kaho na kaho... yeh aankhen bolti hain, O sanam o sanam'!
Reminiscence it with 'Woh Lamhe'!

This song will take you back to the most cherished time of your life, which one always misses after it becomes a history. Beautifully sung by Atif Aslam, the song will take back you to the days of 'Wo bheegi bheegi yaadein...!'
Simply say it 'Tu hi meri shab hai'!

Emraan Hashmi has set a perfect example of portraying an apt romantic song with a guitar for that special girl in the flick 'Gangster'. Since then, it has become a trend to do it Hashmi way.
So guys get ready with that guitar to express 'Tu hi meri shab hai subha hai... Tu hi meri duniya!
Feel the pain 'Juda hoke bhi'!

Feel the pain of separation with this song which is sadly an integral part of our life. Reminiscence your loved ones with this song 'Juda Hoke Bhi tu mujh mein kahi baaki hai... Palkon mein banke aansu tu chali aati hai'.
Go express out with 'Tum Mile'!

Emraan Hashmi taught us the new way to go out and frankly express your love for that special one with this beautiful song 'Tum mile toh mil gaya yeh jahaan... Tum mile toh maine paaya haiKhuda'! 
Hail the Aashiqui anthem 'Aashiq Banaya Aapne'!

Well, the song says it all. We can never forget this epic song sung by none other than Himesh Reshammiya that took the nation by a storm.
Relive the days of Ashiqui with 'Ooooo..... Aashiq Banaya Aapne'!
Try it in 80's style with 'Pee Loon'!

This ever-romantic song by Mohit Chauhan definitely skips a beat in every heart. Simply do it gracefully like the 80's style 'Tere Sang Ishq Taari Hai... Tere Sang Ik Khumari Hai'!
Soul-stirring 'Jo bhi thi dua'!

We often feel helpless regarding various flaws in our day-to-day lives and even in the movie the unresolved state of corruption is justly portrayed in the mentioned song. There are days when we simply feel 'Jo bheji thi dua, woh jaake aasmaan se yun takra gayi... ki aa gayi woh jaake aasmaan se yun takra gayi... ki aa gayi hai laut ke sadaa'.laut ke sadaa'.
But remember there is always a silver lining!
Express it like 'Chup Chup Ke'!

Set your love on fire with this cute peppy track. We are sure of the fact that the girl won't deny, but say yes!
Simply steal her heart away with that adorable expression- 'Kahin ye tere dil se to chup chup ke milta nahi... nahin toh mere seene se ye dil nikalta nahi'!
Bring that wide smile with 'Haan hasi ban gaye'!


This romantic track from Emraan Hashmi's recent flick is on everyone's lip. So if you are trying to bring that ear-to-ear smile back on someone's special face, then simply try it with 'Haan hasi ban gaye... haan nami ban gaye'!
We wishEmraanHashmia very Happy Birthday and Happy Holi... We really want more of yourtalent!

------------------
Patna: Janata Dal (United) MLA Gopal Mandal has stoked a huge controversy with his outraging comments saying that he will again start politics of murder.

While addressing a poetic conference in Naugachia area, the JD(U) lawmaker said, I have gun and explosives, will protect you.
The JD(U) leader said, though all the people who have gathered didn't vote for him, he will still protect them as he has power, gun and explosives.
He said, "Main ab hatya ki rajniti hi karunga aur hatya karwaunga"(I will do politics of murder and order murders)," adding that, "Pahle bhi hatya karta tha, ab bhi karoonga (I used to commit murders in the past, now I will murder again).
The statement is sure to bring in huge embarrassment for Bihar Chief Minister Kumar. Meanwhile, Mandal has been suspended from the party.
Mandal is a JD(U) MLA from Gopalpur in Bhagalpur district of Bihar.
Not only this, Mandal also differed with Chief Minister Nitish Kumar's decision of prohibiting liquor from April 01.
JD-U spokesperson Ajay Alok distanced the party from Mandal's remarks, saying such remarks were condemnable and should be avoided by Mandal.

The JD (U) MLA is not new to controversies. Earlier, Mandal had come down heavily on his opponents at a function organised in connection with a cricket match at Naughachia bazar saying, "I will chop off the tongue of people trying to threaten my supporters."
In the initial days of the grand secular alliance coming to power, he had threatened a Deputy Superintendent of Police level officer to throw him in the Ganges from Naugachia road bridge for stopping his car, which had jumped queue during a traffic snarl in December last.

------------------
Hyderabad: A 15-year-old boy, who was kidnapped for ransom in Hyderabad, was found murdered on Thursday.

The body of Abhay Modani, a Class 10 student, was found in a TV package box near Alpha Hotel in Secunderabad, the twin city of Hyderabad. His hands were tied with a rope.
Abhay was the son of Rajkumar, a resident of Shah Inayat Gunj. The aggrieved father is a plastic scrap trader.
The 15-year-old was kidnapped from near his house in Shahinayatgunj area of Hyderabad on Wednesday evening.
After receiving the ransom call, Abhay's father lodged a complaint at Shahinayath Gunj police station.
His family members later received a phone call from the abductor, who demanded Rs.10 crore as ransom. Following a complaint by the boy's family, police traced the call to Secunderabad and launched a hunt for the suspects. The body was found by the roadside near Alpha Hotel on Thursday morning.
The CCTV cameras in the area have revealed that Abhay riding pillion on a two-wheeler with a youngster, who appeared to be familiar to him.

Police have formed 10 special teams to arrest those involved in the kidnap and murder. They suspect business rivals of the boy's father to be behind the crime.
(With agency inputs)

------------------
Hyderabad: In a shocking incident, a 41-year-old woman allegedly murdered her two minor daughters by slitting their throats with broken glass.

Police today said the woman, identified as Rajani, suspected that her husband was "sexually harassing" the elder one.
She broke a glass bottle and slit throats of her two daughters, aged eight and three, last night at her residence in Teacher's Colony here and left the house, Tukaramgate Police Station Inspector T Laxmi Narayana, told PTI.
Both girls died on the spot, he said.

Her husband, Vinay, a businessman, who returned to the house at around 9.30 pm, did not find his wife but noticed the bodies of his daughters lying in a pool of blood in the bedroom and informed the police, Assistant Commissioner of Police (Gopalpuram Division) K Shiva Kumar said.
"After the incident the woman went to Tank Bund and washed her hands and legs and walked back to their house and surrendered before the police. After questioning she confessed of killing her daughters and subsequently she was placed under arrest," the ACP said.
She suspected that her husband had allegedly been sexually harassing their elder daughter, an LKG student, for the past six months, the Inspector said, adding, the woman had also confronted her husband over the matter, but he had denied the charge.
"The woman became suspicious after seeing that her elder daughter used to get scared on seeing her father. She had a feeling that her husband sexually harassed their elder daughter," he said.
The woman, after washing her hands and legs after the incident had felt relieved from the "stress" that her husband would no longer sexually harass her daughters, the ACP said.
"Based on preliminary investigation and after questioning Vinay, we did not find any concrete evidence as of now to prove the allegations levelled against him (Vinay)," he said.
Deputy Commissioner of Police (North Zone) N Prakash Reddy said the body of the girl was sent for medical examination to ascertain if she was sexually assaulted and the report is awaited.
"He (Vinay) has been let off after his examination. If any evidence is available we will take further action accordingly," he said.

The woman, in the meanwhile, is being produced before a local court seeking her judicial remand. A case was booked under section 302 (murder) of IPC and probe is on.
(With PTI inputs)

------------------
Agartala: Two men surrendered before the Kamalpur police station on Tuesday confessing that they killed their father after finding out that the latter raped their sister.

The incident happened in east Kuchainala village in Dhalai district of Tripura on Tuesday.

The accused, Bijoykumar and Rajkumar Malakar told police that their father, Rajendra Malakar was a daily wage labour and was an alcoholic. They claimed that a year ago he sexually assaulted their sister and used to ill-treat their mother. They told police that their father (Rajendra) forced them to discontinue their education.
The report published in Hindustan Times say that both Bijoykumar and Rajkukmar hatched the plot to get rid of their father in order to save the family. According to the report, they beat Rajendra to death in front of their family members and surrendered themselves before the police the same day.

------------------
New Delhi: A teenaged boy and his mother were allegedly stabbed to death by a 35-year-old man, who also tried to end his own life after the act on Tuesday that sparked a hue and cry in southwest Delhi's Raj Nagar locality.

The mother-son duo have been identified as Anju Devi (37) and Prashant (16). Anju's husband, Raman Chaudhary, who has a computer repair shop, was not at home when the incident took place, a senior police official said.
The assailant, whose condition is reported to be critical, has been identified as one Shyam Singh, a native of Madhubani in Bihar, who lives with his wife in west Delhi's Uttam Nagar area.

It is suspected that Singh was known to the family but the motive of the murder has not been ascertained yet, the official said.
Locals told police they saw Anju come to the balcony of her first floor house, screaming that somebody was attacking her son. By the time they could rush to her house, Anju went to her son's rescue and Singh allegedly attacked her too.
Locals then surrounded the house and called up the police around 4.30 pm. Failing to find any way to escape, Singh locked himself inside a room and allegedly cut his throat, suspectedly trying to end his own life.
"The motive is totally unclear. The weapon used in the offence has been recovered from the spot. From preliminary investigation, it emerged that the accused cut his own throat after locking himself inside a room," a senior official said.

While Anju was declared dead at the hospital, Prashant is believed to have died on the spot. The accused too is currently admitted in hospital, where his condition is said to be critical, police said, adding a case of murder has been registered in connection with the incident.
The police are questioning Anju's husband Raman Chaudhary and Shyam Singh's wife in connection with the matter, the official said, adding that the case is being probed from all possible angles.

------------------
Tiruppur: It's a suspected case of honour killing.

A Dalit man, Sankar, was brutally hacked to death in Udumalaipettai in Tiruppur district of Tamil Nadu on Sunday afternoon.
Sankar got married to Kowsalya, a girl from upper caste, eight months ago. The girl's family was unhappy with the marriage decision. They even came and threatened her 15 days ago.

Here is the CCTV footage of the brutal murder (disturbing video):-


------------------
New Delhi: A 20-year-old girl was killed by her own mother in northeast Delhi's Seelampur area on Sunday night after spotting her in bed with a tenant. The girl was scheduled to get married a day after the incident.

The incident happened on Sunday night when the victim's mother returned home and found her daughter in a compromising position with a tenant in her room. While the tenant managed to escape, the victim's mother smothered her with a pillow.
The victim was about to get married in a day and the house was full of guests.
According to police, the matter came to light after Lok Nayak hospital authorities called the police when the mother and her son brought the victims' body there and tried to get her admitted claiming that she had attempted suicide.
After smothering her daughter, the woman called her son and narrated the entire incident. She also told her relatives that her daughter had suffered a cardiac arrest while taking her to hospital, the official said.
Following investigations, a case was registered and the victim's mother and brother were arrested today, the official said.

The family belonged to Meerut and had fixed the victim's marriage with a Ghaziabad-based businessman, police said, adding that the victim was in a relationship with the tenant.
The victim's father died a few years ago, after which her brother took up the job of an electrician in a factory, the official added. (With inputs from agency)

------------------
London: Scores of people held placards and marched the streets of London, demanding the extradition of an Indian man wanted in the UK for over five years on charges of rape, murder, and a string of other sexual assault cases.

New Delhi-based Aman Vyas, the son of a wealthy Indian businessmen, is suspected by Scotland Yard of a string of late-night attacks in north-east London over five years ago when he was in the UK on a student visa.
The 31-year-old has been on bail since 2011.
Opposition Labour party MP Stella Creasy, who led the march yesterday, has also written to Indian high commissioner to the UK Navtej Sarna demanding Vyas' extradition to face the British court.
"It's worrying about whether they [the Indian authorities] are serious about dealing with this issue," Creasy told 'The Times'.
The UK's Crown Prosecution Service (CPS) has authorised charges over the alleged murder and rape of 35-year-old Michelle Samaraweera, who was attacked and strangled in 2009 after she went out to buy milk while staying with her boyfriend in Walthamstow, north-east London.
The CPS has also authorised charges against Vyas over three allegations of rapes in the two months before Samaraweera's murder and the Metropolitan Police are investigating whether he is responsible for five other sex attacks.
"Officers are working with the Indian authorities," the Met Police said.
According to 'The Times', an application by lawyers for Vyas to dismiss the case against him was rejected by an Indian judge in 2012 but delays have meant that the British authorities have been unable so far to extradite him.
Vyas now has bail until next month.
He was on a student visa in Britain when the alleged attacks took place.
He was arrested in July 2011 boarding a plane at Delhi airport that was bound for Auckland, New Zealand and was granted bail in November 2011.

The family of Samaraweera said it was "disgusting" that they had had to wait so long for justice.
Ann Chandradasa, 44, one of the victim's three sisters, said:?"We just want to see justice done. I just want him back."

------------------
New Delhi: Bodies of a boy and a girl were found dead on the railway tracks in East Delhis Anand Vihar area on Saturday morning, according to reports.

The bodies of the 18-year-old boy and the minor girl were sent for post mortem examination.

Although police prima facie suspect that it was a case of double suicide, they are yet to confirm whether it was a case of murder or suicide.
Reports suggest that both the boy and the girl had been missing since March 3. The boys family members had also staged a protest against police negligence on Saturday.

------------------
New Delhi: Delhi Police today arrested a man in connection with the murder of two employees of the toll collection centre at southeast Delhi's Badarpur area earlier this week.

Vimal Pandey, a native of Allahabad, was arrested from Delhi in the wee hours, a senior official said.
Police is conducting raids in Rajasthan and Haryana to nab his associates, of which two have been identified as Deepak and Vishal, he said.
Two of the suspects in the case were arrested in Rajasthan in connection with robbery and murder, the official added.
The incident took place on Sunday morning when four assailants allegedly shot dead cashier Manmohan (60) and security guard Mahipal (50) at their rented accommodation near the toll collection centre in a robbery bid and fled with a laptop bag.
The investigations have raised suspicion on Deepak and Vishal, who had rented rooms in the same locality and were preparing for exams related to recruitment in Delhi Police.

It also emerged that they had rented a room by submitting fake documents, following which the landlord of the house was booked, police said.


------------------
Patna: The Patna High Court on Wednesday granted bail to former MP Mohammad Shahabuddin in connection with a double murder and kidnapping that took place 12 years ago, a lawyer said.

After hearing the bail petition, the court bench headed by Justice Anjana Prakash granted bail to the former MP.
In January this year, his bail petition was rejected by the high court.
Last year, the special court in Siwan district convicted Shahabuddin and awarded him life imprisonment in a 2004 case in which he and his men were charged with giving an acid bath to two brothers Girish Raj and Satish Raj and murdering them.
Shahabuddin has been languishing in jail for several years in connection with many serious criminal cases.
According to police officials, Shahabuddin has been convicted on charges of criminal conspiracy, kidnapping and murder.

Shahabuddin's son Osama has also been charged with the killing of a local BJP leader Rajiv Roshan, who was a witness in the murder case of the two brothers in which Shahabuddin has been convicted.
The two brothers were kidnapped allegedly at Shahabuddin's behest and drenched in acid before being murdered.

------------------
Lucknow: The body of a young woman was found in an open field near the Gomtinagar railway station here on Tuesday morning, police said.

Police said she had been gagged and strangled. A piece of cloth was found stuffed into her mouth and a scarf tied around her neck.


Police officer Satyasen Yadav told IANS that the woman was yet to be identified.

------------------
Gurgaon: A woman found murdered in her rented room in Gurgaon last week was raped before she was killed, police said on Tuesday after the arrest of two suspected killers.

The 28-year-old widowed victim hailing from West Bengal`s Darjeeling worked in pubs and bars here.
She was murdered in Chakkarpur area on the Mehrauli-Gurgaon Road on February 23 owing to a monetary dispute with the accused, police said.

"A post-mortem by a board of doctors revealed she was raped. She was beaten to death by five men," Ashok Kumar, incharge of Sector 29 police station here, told IANS.
Two accused Gabbar and Nitish, both aged about 25 and residents of Gurgaon villages, have been arrested whereas three other accused were absconding, Kumar said.

------------------
Thane: The Maharashtra Police is looking for the motive behind the horrendous massacre of 14 members of a family here.

In a shocking and gruesome incident, Hasnain Anwar Warekar, 32, the income tax consultant killed 14 members of his own family and later hanged himself.
The police are waiting to record the statement of the sole survivor, Sabia Shoaib Bharmal, who is 21-year-old.

Joint Police Commissioner Ashutosh Dumbare said investigations from all angles were underway.
Even the suspected property dispute angle has not yet emerged in the probe yet.
A report in the Hindustan Times suggested that the police are investigating a number of theories, which include human sacrifice, property or family dispute and mental illness as possible motives.
Investigations point out that the deceased were either asleep or sedated when murdered. There are no signs of forced entry and the witness survivor, Sabia, has seen her brother killing. Looking at the way the throats were slit, it looks it was done by someone used to slaughtering. Weve gathered that Hasnain used to carry out animal sacrifices, said Dumbre.
The police have found out that Hasnain was religious and used to offer prayers five times a day.

We are seeking property details of t he family. Investigations have revealed that the family was involved in a property dispute, said Dumbre.
Sabia was attacked along with other family members with a long knife by her elder brother Hasnain.


Dumbare has denied there were any indications that the deeply religious Hasnain could have been influenced by some extremist ideology or was radicalised.
Wielding a large knife, usually used for sacrificing goats during Bakr-i Eid, Hasnain butchered 14 members of his family at around 3 am on Sunday. Those slaughtered included his aged parents, his wife and two minor daughters, three sisters and six nieces and nephews.

------------------
Agra: Four days after a VHP leader was murdered in Agra, the city was on Monday gripped by communal tension.

The situation is tense and ahead of the 13th day death ritual of the deceased leader, the build up may snowball into a major confrontation with the state government, sources told IANS.
"This tragedy has brought all ranks of the Hindutva organisations together and could be taken as a pointer to the 2017 assembly polls," they said.
Heavy presence of security forces in the Nai ki Mandi and Mantola police station areas, the deployment of the Rapid Action Force and 24-hour vigil by senior officials have helped contain the build up so far.
But speeches at a condolence meet on Sunday evening by Bharatiya Janata Party leaders including HRD minister of state Ram Shankar Katheria, local legislators and Vishwa Hindu Parishad (VHP) leader Sadhvi Prachi who reached the venue in disguise have only heightened tension in the city.
Arun Mahaur, a VHP vice president, was shot dead on Thursday in a busy market while returning from a temple.

The incident has led to BJP leaders along with other Hindutva groups converging on the city.
BJP state president Laxmi Kant Vajpayee was detained at Kasganj and prevented from reaching Agra. Other senior leaders are also under constant watch, sources said.

------------------
Gurgaon: A 25-year-old man murdered his 22-year-old wife as he suspected she was having extramarital affairs and dumped the body in an industrial waste drain, police said here on Saturday.

The incident came to light when an unidentified woman`s body was found in an industrial waste drain, which stretches from the Industrial Model Township (IMT) Manesar to the sewerage treatment plant in Dhanwapur.
Wrapped in a bedsheet, the body was later identified to be that of Poonam.
Prima facie investigation revealed that Dilbag Singh, who worked in a private company and lived in sector 82 near Shikohpur killed his wife following heated arguments, a senior police officer said.
"She was strangled. Deceased`s distant relative told that Poonam was missing for last three days," the official said.
"The couple would often fight as Singh doubted his wife`s character. He is absconding. The body was found nearly 20 km from the area where the couple lived," he added.

A case against Singh under sections of murder and destroying evidences was registered at Gurgaon sector 10 police station.


------------------
Sitapur: Taking note of delay in lodging a case in a shooting incident that led to the death of a 40-year-old man, authorities today suspended three policemen, including a sub inspector.

The suspension was ordered by Sitapur SP B B Singh.
According to the complaint lodged with the police by the victim's daughter, Sajjan was shot at by one Pramod following some dispute last night, after which, he was rushed to the community health centre in Tambour area.
However, he was sent to the police station for lodging an FIR as it was a police case, they alleged, adding that the injured was kept waiting for hours in name of FIR registration and other formalities.
He was taken for a medical aid when his condition deteriorated and he succumbed to injuries, they said.

Singh said that three policemen serving at the Tambour police station, Sub Inspector Jagganath Sharma and constables Jitendra and Vimal, have been suspended on the basis of the complaint submitted by the victim's daughter.
The case was later registered and the main accused has been arrested, he said adding, Circle Officer Biswan has been asked to conduct an inquiry into the allegations of the bereaved family.

------------------
New Delhi: Reacting to the brutal murder of a Hindu priest in Bangladesh, celebrated author Taslima Nasreen said on Monday that the hardcore Islamists do not want Hindu population in the country.

The Islamic State group has claimed responsibility for the brutal beheading of a senior Hindu priest and wounding two worshippers in northern Bangladesh.
In a statement, the terrorist group said that "caliphate soldiers" carried out the attack using "light weapons".
The 45-year-old priest, identified as Jogeswar Roy, was attacked with cleavers at his home on Sunday.
"The priest was preparing for morning prayers when they pounced on him and decapitated him on the veranda of his home inside the temple," BBC quoted a government official as saying.

The Hindus comprise about 10% of the Muslim-majority country's 160 million population.

------------------
Jalandhar: A son of a Shiv Sena leader in Punjab's Jalandhar city was on Tuesday shot at and critically injured by unidentified assailants, police said.

Deepak, son of Shiv Sena leader Vinay Jalandhari, was shot at by two motorcycle-borne assailants outside a school in Deen Dyal Upadhaya Nagar locality on Tuesday afternoon as Deepak arrived there to pick up his children.
Deepak was rushed to a nearby private hospital here, 150 km from Chandigarh.

Police said CCTV footage from the school and other areas showed that the assailants had covered their heads and faces. The rear number plate of the motorcycle used in the crime was missing.
Punjab Congress president Amarinder Singh on Tuesday condemned the murderous attack on Deepak.
Expressing grave concern over such incidents, Amarinder Singh said it was the third incident of its kind in the state in the past one month.
"Two similar incidents took place in Ludhiana earlier and police were yet to identify the culprits," the Congress leader said in a statement here.

Amarinder Singh flayed the Akali-BJP government in Punjab for its failure to identify and arrest the guilty.
Unidentified miscrants had fired at a Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangh 'shakha' in Ludhiana on January 18. No one was injured. In the second incident in Kidwai Nagar in Ludhiana, a single shot was fired by a person at one of the participants at an RSS 'shakha'.

------------------
Kannur: A fierce blame game is on over the murder of a 27-year-old RSS worker in Kerala.

In a brutal incident, a 27-year-old RSS worker was hacked to death in Kannur district of the poll-bound state.
Here are five things you may not know about the case:-
- RSS worker Sujit was brutally hacked to death in front of his aged parents; he succumbed to the injuries before reaching hospital late Monday night
- His aged parents and a brother tried to stop the assailants, who stormed into their house at Papinesseri around 11.30 PM and suffered injuries in the process. They have also been hospitalised.
- BJP's Kannur District President Satyaprakash told reporters that CPI-M was allegedly behind the attack; he alleged that CPI-M had decided to whip up violence to get over the embarrassment of the arrest of its party district secretary, P Jayarajan, an accused in the murder of a BJP functionary in 2014, after his anticipatory bail plea was rejected in the case.

- 10 CPI-M sympathisers have been taken into custody and they are being questioned for the RSS worker's murder.
- Denying the blame by RSS, CPI-M has said that it was the fallout of a local incident relating to insulting a girl. CPI-M State Secretary Kodieryi Balakrishnan said the attack was not political and was a purely local issue and had nothing to do with the CPI-M.
BJP state President Kummanam Rajasekharan, however, said the attack cannot be considered an 'isolated' incident.

Hartal by BJP

BJP is observing 'hartal' in Kannur, Papinesseri and Azhikode areas to protest against the killing.
On December 1, 1999, K P Jayakrishnan Master, a BJP leader was hacked to death, allegedly by CPI-M workers, in front of his students while he was taking class.

------------------
Lucknow: The body of a Class 12 girl student was recovered from a drain here on Monday morning, police said.

The girl was identified as Unnati Sharma, resident of Jankipuram locality and a student at Rani Laxmi Bai (RLB) College. She was reported missing five days ago while on her way to college.

Her father lodged a complaint after she failed to return home.
An investigating police official said they were looking if she was sexually assaulted before she was killed.

------------------
Gurgaon: For 27-year-old Delhi native Ishwar, the decision to come to Gurgaon's posh Sushant Lok area to celebrate Valentine's Day with a Facebook friend turned tragic, as two men allegedly assaulted him and threw him off of a multi-storied building leading to his death.

"We had received information from a hospital about a critically injured man, who was admitted here at around 9 pm last night.
"We rushed there once we got the information. The hospital again called us at around 1 am, saying the man succumbed to his injuries", said Sandeep Ahlawat, SHO, Sushant Lok Police Station.
According to Hawa Singh, CPRO Gurgaon Police, as per the girl's (victim's Facebook friend) statement to police, Ishwar was in constant touch with her for the past seven months and he has asked her to celebrate Valentine's Day together in Gurgaon.
She had received him from Huda City Centre Metro Station last evening and she took him to a flat multi-storey building in Sushant Lok area.
"While they were interacting with each other in the flat, her brother-in-law, identified as Ramesh (30) and his driver Anil Kumar (25) reached there. And, seeing Ishwar there, the duo brutally assaulted him in a fit of rage, and later threw him down from the balcony", Singh said.

"An FIR in this regard has been lodged against Ramesh and Anil under 302 (murder), 201 (dispersing evidences) and 34 criminal conspiracy in Sushant Lok police station and both the accused have been arrested," Deepak Saharan, DCP (East) Gurgaon Police said.
Since the victim did not die on the spot, the accused then took him into a car and went to Khandsa Road, situated on the other side of the city, and dumped him on the road to make the case appear as a road accident before fleeing, police said.

------------------
Arra: Protesting against the murder of party's state vice-president Visheshwar Ojha, the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) workers on Sunday morning stopped Rajendra Nagar-LokManya Tilak Terminus express here.

"The Nitish Government has failed on all fronts to check the rise of the gundaraj in the state. The people have fed-up of the present regime. We condemn the motive of the present government of killing the leaders of BJP. We would intensify our protest across the state," said a local leader.

Earlier, BJP state vice-president Ojha was shot dead by unidentified gunmen in Arra.
He was shot dead while returning from a wedding.

Ojha had been named in police cases on various charges including murder and had contested the Bihar elections unsuccessfully last year.
Two other people were injured in the attack. This shooting comes 12 hours after BJP leader Kedarnath Singh was shot dead in Chappra.

------------------
Patna: Two people have been arrested in connection with the killing of Bihar BJP vice president Visheshwar Ojha.

One accused, identified as Harendra Singh, alias, Bhua Singh, was arrested on Saturday.
Meanwhile, the BJP has called bandh in Shahabad region in protest against killing.

Ojha was shot dead at Sonbarsa village under Shahpur police station of Bhojpur on Friday evening when he was returning from a wedding.

Some unidentified assailants fired at him and fled the scene, in which Ojha's driver and a man also got injured.
Ojha was the second BJP leader to have been killed in the past 12 hours. This morning another local BJP leader Kedar Singh was shot dead in Chhapra, headquarters of the Saran district.

------------------

------------------
New Delhi: A Special Investigation Team (SIT) of Delhi Police on Saturday questioned Shashi Tharoor for over 5 hours in connection with his wife Sunanda Pushkar's death case.


The Congress MP during questioning dismissed any foul play in the death case of his wife, a report in CNN-IBN said.
Reportedly, throughout the probe Tharoor said he doesn't suspect foul play in death and claimed that Sunanda died due to medication.

"Shashi Tharoor believes that his wife died due to medication," SIT sources said.
He was also asked about the medicines taken by his wife.
Earlier, Delhi Police Commissioner BS Bassi had said that Sunanda Pushkar's death was not a natural one.
"One thing is clear that the death was not natural. It was unnatural as per our investigation till now and evidences collected so far. I can say that with certainty," Delhi Police Commissioner Bassi had said.

In January 2015, Delhi Police had registered a case of murder in connection with the death of Sunanda. An AIIMS medical board had found poisoning as reason for her death following which the police had sent her viscera samples to an FBI lab in Washington in 2015.
Sunanda was found dead inside her suite at a five-star hotel in New Delhi in January 2014, a day after she was involved in a spat with Pakistani journalist Mehr Tarar on Twitter over the latter's alleged affair with Shashi Tharoor, the Congress MP from Thiruvananthapuram.

------------------
Patna: One of the accused in the Bihar Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) vice president Visheshwar Ojha murder case, Harendra Singh alias Bhua Singh, has been arrested by the police.

The former BJP MLA was yesterday gunned down near Ara in Bhojpur district in south-central Bihar.
Ojha was returning from a wedding when some unidentified assailants fired at him and fled the scene. Ojha`s driver and a man also got injured in the incident.
This was the second BJP leader to be killed in the last 48 hours.

Yesterday morning another local BJP leader Kedar Singh was shot dead in Chapra.
Expressing sadness over the deaths of two leaders, BJP spokesperson Shahnawaaz Husaain said that people of Bihar do not want jungle raj to return.

------------------

------------------

------------------
Mumbai: Actress Mallika Sherawat, currently in the US, says she has had the "good fortune" to meet President Barack Obama again.

The 39-year-old actress tweeted a selfie of herself with Obama, and they are all smiles for the camera.
"Had the good fortune of meeting the one and only, the charismatic President Obama again," Mallika tweeted on Wednesday, calling it a "proud moment".
Mallika, however, did not reveal where and when she met Obama this time. She had earlier met him in 2011 a tea party in Los Angeles.

The actress is known for her bold performances in films such as 'Khwahish' and 'Murder', and was last seen on screen in the 2015 film 'Dirty Politics'.

------------------
New Delhi: In a shocking tale, a 21-year-old Delhi University student was killed allegedly by her lover, who hid her body for five days and married another woman during the period.


The body of Arzoo Singh Chauhan was found in a shaft at accused Naveen Khatri's residence in northwest Delhi's Model Town on Sunday.
Naveen (23) has been arrested for allegedly strangulating his girlfriend Arzoo, who lived in the same neighbourhood, on February 02.
He later dumped her body in the shaft of his building.

The man later got married to another woman on February 04.
When Arzoo did not return home, her parents lodged a missing complaint on Tuesday evening.
On Saturday, a case of abduction was registered.
After preliminary investigation and Arzoo's relatives constantly raising suspicion over Khatri's family, police questioned Naveen yesterday and he "confessed" to the crime, police said.
Meanwhile, locals in Gurmandi locality, which comes under the jurisdiction of Model Town police station in northwest Delhi, complained of a terrible stench yesterday. Later, Arzoo's decomposed body was recovered from the shaft of Naveen's residence, police said.
"A case of murder has been registered and the accused has been arrested. Further investigation is underway," DCP, Northwest, Vijay Singh said.
While Arzoo was a final year student at Lakshmibai College under the University of Delhi, Naveen's only source of income is house rent.
The police are also probing the role of other members of the Khatri family, especially Naveen's father, in the incident as they had apparently objected to their relationship and wanted Naveen to marry the other woman, police said.
During interrogation, it also came to light that Naveen tried to dump Arzoo's body somewhere else and also attempted to cremate it once, but failed after which he threw it in the shaft of his house.
He got married two days later.
It is suspected that others in the family had knowledge of the crime, police said, adding that Arzoo's body has been sent for postmortem examination and several persons have been questioned so far.
A relative of Arzoo claimed that that she and Naveen wanted to marry, but it was mutually decided that marriage can't happen as they were from the same village.
"We were not aware that they were in contact with each other. When police went to Naveen's apartment with warrant. They found her dead and recovered her charred body," she said.

The family members also said that before Arzoo went missing, the victim attended all her classes and her phone was switched off 4 pm onwards, according to the relative.
(With PTI inputs)

------------------

------------------

------------------

------------------

------------------

------------------

------------------
New Delhi: Condemning the murder of Lok Janshakti Party (LJP) leader Brijnath Singh, Chirag Paswan on Saturday said President's rule is the only option left for Bihar, considering its deteriorating law and order situation.

"The grand alliance of the Government of Bihar has been a failure at every step. If the chief minister and the Deputy chief minister are unable to provide a sense of security, then what about the rest of the state? The only option left with us right now is President's rule, because this government is a complete failure at every step," Paswan toldANI.
"Brijnath ji was shot dead within 10-15 km of the chief minister's house. He was shot dead only because he and his family fought elections against Lalu ji in the Vidhan Sabha election. I would definitely want to ask the chief minister of Bihar, who also happens to be the Home Minister ofBihar, if this is not political rivalry, then what is?"he added.
Paswan further stated that he would raise this issue of the murder in the upcoming session of parliament.

Brijnath Singh was shot dead by unidentified gunmen in Patna.AK-47 shells were recovered from the spot.
Police are investigating the matter.

------------------

------------------

------------------

------------------

------------------
Beijing: China has sentenced two men to death for the 2013 killing of a prominent Tibetan religious leader, state media said, in what had been one of Tibet`s most closely watched murder cases.

Choje Akong Tulku Rinpoche, who lived in exile in Scotland and became a British citizen, was among the first spiritual leaders to teach Tibetan Buddhism to followers in the West.
He, his nephew and his driver were killed in the southwestern Chinese city of Chengdu in October 2013 over what police had said was a financial dispute.
One of those sentenced was Thubten Kunsal, who had been an artist at Akong Rinpoche`s monastery in Britain between 2002 and 2011, the Chengdu intermediate court said in a statement carried by the official Xinhua news agency on Sunday.
He and another man, Tsering Paljor, were given the death sentence for stabbing the three men to death in a confrontation at the monk`s Chengdu home over 2.7 million yuan ($410,000) in wages that Thubten Kunsal said he was owed.
A third man was given three years in prison for hiding the knives used in the killings.
Questions surrounding the murders had underscored the distrust that many Tibetans have of the Chinese government, which has ruled Tibet with an iron first since "peacefully liberating" it in 1950.
Analysts have said that among exiled Tibetans, there was a widespread assumption that there must have been a political plot behind the crime, though there was no evidence for that.
Thubten Kunsal and Tsering Paljor had admitted to involvement in the crime, according to earlier statements by their lawyer, but had argued the deaths were not intentional.
"The defendants` methods were ruthless, the details extremely malicious, and the result extremely serious," the court said in the statement.
Lawyers for the three men could not be reached after the sentencing, but the court said Thubten Kunsal and Tsering Paljor would appeal. The third man had not decided whether to appeal, it said.
The British Embassy in China said it was aware of the sentencing.
"The British government maintains its longstanding opposition to the death penalty, and has formally communicated this to the Chinese government during the course of the trial," the embassy said in an e-mail.

Akong Rinpoche was one of the few Tibetan religious leaders who succeeded at balancing the interests of the Chinese government and Tibetans, and he was revered by Tibetans in China for his work with charities and in promoting education.
The Samye Ling monastery, founded by Akong Rinpoche in Scotland, did not mention the case on its website and could not be reached immediately for comment.

------------------

------------------
Kolkata: Six persons were on Thursday convicted by a local court in the Kamduni gang-rape and murder case in which a 21-year-old college girl was brutally assaulted and murdered in June 2013, triggering outrage.

Two other accused in the case were acquitted. Additional City and Sessions Judge Sanchita Kar
pronounced Saiful Ali, Ansar Ali and Aminul Ali guilty of gang-rape and murder in her order in a packed court room.
The three were found guilty under sections 376(d) (gang-rape), 302 (murder) and 120B (criminal conspiracy) of IPC.
The judge found Imanul Islam, Aminul Islam and Bhola Naskar guilty under sections 376 (d) (gang-rape), 120B (criminal conspiracy) and 201 (causing disappearance of evidence) of IPC.
Saiful Ali, who had accosted the girl on the road and forced her inside a farmhouse where the crime was committed, was additionally found guilty under sections 109 (abetment to an offence) and 342 (wrongfully confining any person).
The judge said that the argument on the quantum of punishment would commence tomorrow.
While Saiful Ali, Ansar Ali and Aminul Ali may be given a minimum sentence of 20 years or a maximum punishment of death penalty, the other three found guilty may face a minimum of 20
years in prison or a maximum of life sentence, the judge said.
Rafiqul Islam and Nur Ali were acquitted owing to lack of evidence against them.
Another accused Gopal Naskar had died during trial in August last year.
The gang-rape and brutal murder of the 21-year-old college girl occurred when she was returning home at Kamduni, about 50km from Kolkata, in North 24-Parganas district after appearing for an examination at her college on June 7, 2013.
The incident had led to an outrage in the state amidst concerns over women's safety.
The second year BA student was pulled into a farm when she was walking back home along a deserted road after alighting from a bus.

She was gang-raped and gruesomely murdered subsequently.
Her mutilated body was discovered the next morning in a corner of the farm. 

------------------

------------------
Pune: Days after a 17-year-old ragpicker was allegedly murdered by three persons here after setting him afire, his father and some right-wing activists on Thursday claimed he was killed because he was a 'Hindu' and the brutality meted out to him was like an act of ISIS.

However, police have denied any communal angle behind the murder of Sawan Rathod in Kasba Peth area of the city last week.

Sawan, a pavement dweller, was hospitalised last Wednesday after he sustained severe burns when the accused trio, suspecting his involvement in stealing vehicle batteries, poured petrol on him and set him ablaze on January 13. He died in hospital on January 15.
"When my son was admitted to hospital, he told me that he was set on fire by three suspects after they came to know that he was Hindu," Sawan's father Dharma claimed.
Milind Ekbote, the president of 'Samast Hindu Aghadi', alleged that the amount of cruelty exerted by three suspects was "inhuman" and the act resembles the "modus operandi" of Islamic State (IS). He demanded a probe by ATS into the incident.
Ekbote said they will organise a protest at the Police Commissioner's office here on January 27.
Activists of various right-wing bodies said the police had botched up the investigation in the case.
"We had given a video clip to the cops in which the deceased was seen telling that he was set on fire by three suspects, after they came to know that he was 'Hindu'.
"It is as good as the dying declaration and police should investigate the communal angle. They failed to take his dying statement when he was being treated at state-run Sassoon Hospital," said Ramesh Rathod, city unit president of 'Banjara Kranti Dal', the community to which the deceased belonged.

Police had arrested Ibrahim Shaikh, Juber Tamboli and Imran Tamboli in connection with the murder. When contacted, DCP (Zone I) Tushar Doshi dismissed the claim of the activists and the boy's father as an "afterthought".
"Nothing of this sort (communal) surfaced in our investigation so far," he added.

------------------
New Delhi: In a shocking incident, a body of an unidentified woman was found inside a bag in an e-rickshaw in Delhis Mayur Vihar area on Wednesday.

The incident came to light when a police constable patrolling the area checked the bag kept in an e-rickshaw parked on the road.
The incident has spread panic in the area.
According to a report in ABP News, it is suspected that the woman was strangulated to death.
A case of murder has been registered. Also, according to police, they have identified the man who asked rickshaw driver to carry the bag till metro station.

Police has not ruled out the possibility of sexual assault.


------------------
Bengaluru: In yet another incident of rising crimes against women, a 31-year-old woman techie was found murdered in her apartment in Bengaluru.

Here is all what we know so far:-
- Kusuma Rani Singla, a software engineer with a multinational company, was found dead by her flat mate in their apartment in Kadugodi on Tuesday night.
- Singla was a divorcee; she hailed from Punjab and was transferred to Bengaluru six months ago from Noida.
- One Sukhbir Singh was arrested from a place near Haryana's Gurgaon with the help of local police in connection with the case.
- Sukhbir Singh and Kusuma Rani Singla were friends via social media.
- Reportedly, in a meeting with Singla, Singh is said to have demanded Rs 50,000 and a flight ticket from her which she denied.
- Angered by this, Singh strangulated her to death using a laptop charger cord.
- A pen was also used in the crime and an about two-inch deep wound is seen on her right eyebrow.
- According to Additional Commissioner (Bengaluru-East) P Harishekaran, "On January 19, Singh flew into Bengaluru from Delhi and went to Singla's house by 12:15pm. He was there till 3:30 pm." An altercation erupted between the two that led to the murder of Singla.
- After the murder, Singh collected Singla's ATM cards and chequebooks and even withdrew Rs 11,000 using one of the debit cards before leaving to Delhi via Mumbai.

- Singh hails from Haryana and has worked as a software engineer with multinational companies but is currently unemployed.
- The motive of the murder is yet to be ascertained

------------------
New York: Police in the US have arrested an 18-year-old woman charged with stabbing her boyfriend to death and then allegedly admitting to the killing on Facebook, media reports said.

Nakasia James was arrested from Hemet city in California on Sunday, nearly a week after the slaying of 21-year-old Dorian Powell in San Bernardino county, dailymail.co.uk reported on Monday.
It is believed the pair had been involved in a domestic dispute, which had turned violent, before Powell`s death.
The Facebook post, which has now been deleted, said that she was fighting with her ex before he hit her in the face and she grabbed a knife and stabbed him.
The post said: "I gt the knife and and stabbed him ddnt think I would hurt him BT he died and I`m on the run." (sic)
The status update also appeared to express her regret for the incident saying: "God knows I didn`t mean to stabb him I was mad AF he socked me in my eyes and just picked sumthin up. (sic)
"Btsorryy lord hopefully u forgive me! And sorry Dorian Powell rip." (sic)
According to the Los Angeles Times, police found Powell dead after receiving a 911 call on the morning of January 11.
It later emerged that James may have posted a confession on Facebook where she claimed to have grabbed a knife and stabbed her boyfriend.

A police statement said that investigators acting on a tip found James hiding out in an apartment at North Hamilton Avenue in Hemet, shortly before 5 pm on Sunday.
The San Bernardino County Sun reported that James was booked on Sunday evening into West Valley Detention Centre on $1 million bail.

------------------
Patna: A jeweller was shot dead on Saturday after he allegedly refused to pay extortion money to a criminal here, police said.

Ravikant Prasad, the owner of Sonali Jewellery, was shot dead in broad daylight near Rajapurpool area here.
"The victim died on the spot," police said.
Senior Superintendent of Police Manu Maharaj said police have identified the killer. "Police will make a breakthrough in the case within 24 hours."

According to police officials, Prasad's family informed police that Durgesh Sharma, a notorious criminal, had been trying to extort money from him.
"Durgesh had threatened to kill him," officials said.


------------------
New Delhi: Juveniles aged 16 to 18 years would now be tried as adults in cases of heinous crimes like rape and murder with a new law in this regard coming into force from Friday.

The Juvenile Justice (Care and Protection of Children) Bill was passed by Rajya Sabha in the Winter Session and signed by the President into Act on January 4.
Under the Act, those aged between 16 and 18 years will cease to get protection under the juvenile law and will be tried as adults if they commit heinous crimes.
Under the juvenile law till now, even those accused of heinous offences like rape could be tried only by Juvenile Justice Boards and, if found guilty, sent to correctional homes for not more than three years.
The new Act allows the Juvenile Justice Board to conduct a preliminary inquiry to find out whether the juvenile is indeed guilty of a heinous offence.
The JJB has been given the option to transfer cases of heinous offences by such children to a Children's Court (Court of Session) after conducting preliminary assessment.
Among other key provisions of the law are -- change in word from 'juvenile' to 'child' or 'child in conflict with law' to remove the negative connotation associated with the word 'juvenile'.
The revised law includes several new definitions such as orphaned, abandoned and surrendered children, and petty, serious and heinous offences committed by children.
It also provides enhanced clarity with regard to powers, functions and responsibilities of JJBs and Child Welfare Committees (CWCs) and clear timelines for their inquiries.
The demand for reducing the age for trying juveniles accused of heinous crimes was made following the December 16 gangrape case, in which a paramedical student was brutally gangraped and assaulted in a moving bus in the national capital.
"We are making sure that JJBs and CWCs are constituted in each district. It will be the Board which will conduct a preliminary inquiry to determine whether a juvenile offender is to be sent for rehabilitation or tried as an adult.

"The Committee, on the other hand, will decide on institutional care for children," a senior official of the Women and Child Development Mintsry said.
"Several new offences committed against children which were not adequately covered under any other law are included in the Act. These include sale and procurement of children for any purpose including illegal adoption, corporal punishment in child care institutions, use of child by militant groups,offences against disabled children and kidnapping," the official said.

------------------
Pistorius, popularly known as the "Blade Runner," was found guilty of murder last year after being convicted of killing his girlfriend and modelReevaSteenkampon Valentine's Day in 2013.
New Delhi: South African paralympian Oscar Pistorius has filed an appeal against his murder conviction, citing discrimination by the Supreme Court of Appeal (SCA).

According to reports, the 29-year-old's lawyer said the SCA ignored the double-amputee's vulnerability when it overturned a manslaughter conviction, declaring him guilty of murder for killing his girlfriend Reeva Steenkamp in 2013.
In the petition, Pistorius' camp claimed that "the SCA unfairly discriminated against the applicant on the ground of his disability, vulnerability and anxiety, which is prohibited by section 9(4) of the Constitution."
Pistorius, popularly known as the "Blade Runner," was found guilty of murder last year after being convicted of killing his girlfriend and model Reeva Steenkamp on Valentine's Day in 2013.

He is under house arrest while the Constitutional Court decides if it will hear the case. Sentencing is scheduled for April 18.
The2012 London Paralympics400-metre gold medallist faces a minimum of 15 years in jail for murder, unless he provided substantial and compelling reasons to deviate from this prescribed sentence.

------------------
New Delhi: In yet another incident of deteriorating law and order situation in the national capital, a man, his wife and son were found dead under mysterious circumstances in Rajendra Nagar area of Delhi.


According to latest reports, no arrests have been made so far in connection with the case.
Reportedly, the victims' house was ransacked. Also, the victims had strangulation marks, sources said.
The bodies have been sent for autopsy.
A manhunt has been launched to nab the culprits.




------------------
Mainpuri: A Samajwadi party leader was shot dead allegedly by the husband of his opponent, whom he had defeated in the recent panachayat elections in the state, sparking protests by locals in Kuraoli area here, police said on Sunday.

Newly elected zila panchayat member Ravindra Kumar alias Bhole was shot dead yesterday in Kuraoli market by Ganga Prasad whose wife Seva Kumari had contested the panchayat elections but lost, police said.
The victim was being rushed to a hospital in Agra by party MLA Raj Kumar but he succumbed to his injuries on the way, they said.
As the news of his death spread in the area, the irate mob set Ganga Prasad's house afire and torched a fire brigade tender, an official said.

Two persons have been arrested and fire arms were recovered from their possession, said Additional SP Swaminath.
Senior police officials had rushed to the spot and forces were deployed to bring the situation under control, police said, adding no untoward incident has been reported so far.

------------------
Darbhanga: Sister of dreaded gangster SantoshJha and her husband were arrested on Saturday from outsideLaheriasarai station in connection with gunning down of twoengineers of a private road construction company here in thelast week of December, police said.

Acting on a tip-off, a police team headed by DeputySuperintendent of Police Anjani Kumar Singh today arrestedMunni Devi, who is head of Baheri block and sister of jailedgangster Santosh Jha and her husband Sanjay Laldeo.
The two were absconding and police had attached theirproperty, Singh told PTI.
Santosh Jha, a history sheeter, presently lodged at Gayajail is alleged to be behind the day-light killing of the twoengineers on December 26 for extortion.

Two engineers of the private road construction company --Brajesh Kumar and Mukesh Kumar -- were shot dead by unidentifiedassailants on Darbhanga-Kusheshwarsthan state highway inDarbhanga district on December 26.
Non-payment of levy was said to be the motive behind themurder of the two engineers.

The Darbhanga killing had triggered widespread criticismacross the country and opposition BJP had raised issue of deteriorating law and order situation in Bihar under ChiefMinister Nitish Kumar headed grand secular alliancegovernment.


------------------
Bihar: The Bihar Police have detained four persons in connection with the killing of a businessman in Bihar's Muzaffarpur.


A businessman was shot dead in Muzaffarpur District on Monday by unidentified men at Ahiyapur Bazar Samiti.


------------------
New Delhi:The body of an AAP leader was found near a swamp, where it was allegedly dumped after he was brutally murdered, at outer Delhi's Begumpur area on Monday.

Dhirendra Ishwar had left home on Sunday evening to attend a get-together in west Delhi's Nangloi area and failed to return. Ishwar was allegedly stabbed multiple times, his genitals chopped off and his face smashed with a heavy object, said a police officer.
Ishwar was the Purvanchal Wing district president of Aam Aadmi Party, who had launched a yoga institute in the area around a fortnight ago but that had to be shut down because of some ongoing property dispute, said the officer.
Ishwar left home around 6 PM on Sunday and called up his wife around 7.30 PM and said that he would leave for home with an associate in a while, the officer said.
Around 7 AM on Monday, locals found Ishwar's body near a swamp, which is less than 100 metres away from his residence, and raised an alarm. Police teams rushed to the spot and Ishwar's family was informed. His relatives identified the body by the jacket, said the officer.

"The police have registered a case of murder and several persons have been questioned. The body of the deceased has been sent for post-mortem examination," DCP (Outer) Vikramjit Singh said.
Police were yet to ascertain whether Ishwar was killed near his house or was he killed somewhere else and then the body dumped at the swamp near his house. Prima facie it is a case of personal enmity and the police haven't ruled out the probability of hate crime, an official said.

------------------

------------------
Patna: Bihar Chief Minister Nitish Kumar on Monday directed top police officials to take necessary steps to curb crime in the state, an official said.

The chief minister, in a meeting with the police top brass, made it clear that criminal activities would not be tolerated.
"Nitish Kumar questioned Bihar Police chief P.K. Thakur and other top officials about the spurt in crime and the failure of the police to arrest the criminals behind such crimes during a review meeting of the home department and the law and order situation here," the official said.
"He has directed the officials to take action against organised gang of criminals and take necessary measures for it."

According to officials close to him, Nitish Kumar was upset over the reports of growing crime, including killing of two engineers in Darbhanga district last Saturday.
Opposition Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) has targeted Nitish Kumar over deteriorating the law and order situation and termed it an example of return of "jungle raj" in Bihar.

------------------
Aligarh: In a heinous incident, a 17-year-old girl was gang-rape and murdered in Uttar Pradesh's Aligarh town on Wednesday.

In the wake of the incident, angry villagers attacked four policemen.

The Class 9 student was on her way to school on a bicycle on Wednesday when the accused waylaid her. She was then raped and murdered in Harduganj area.
As news spread, angry villagers assaulted policemen who arrived on the spot. Senior police officials rushed to the spot and managed to control the situation.

Police said that a case has been registered against four unidentified youths and that two persons have been picked up for questioning.
But there are no arrests in the case as yet.


(With PTI inputs)

------------------
Hyderabad: A 40-year-old woman on Thursdaysuccumbed to injuries here after she was set on fire allegedly by her alcoholic husband for not cooking mutton curry properly four days ago, police said.

Shanker Rao C, a labourer, allegedly poured kerosene onhis wife Sulochana who worked as a maid and set her ablaze attheir house in Katedan area on the evening of December 20,Mailardevpally Police Station Inspector S Venkat Reddy said.
"Shanker had brought mutton and asked her to make curry.After eating it, he beat her up saying it wasn't good enoughand had a quarrel with her. Later, he poured kerosene on herand set her ablaze saying her living was useless because shedidn't know how to cook food," the police officer said.
Shanker was allegedly drunk at the time. Sulochana'smother and daughter, who were present, raised alarm after heset her on fire and the neighbours rushed and doused the
flames, police said.

She was then taken to at a state-run Osmania GeneralHospital.
"The accused was arrested on Wednesday on the charge ofattempt to murder and harassment. On Thursday, she succumbed to burninjuries at the hospital," the police officer said, adding acase of murder would be lodged against the husband.

------------------
Bhubaneswar: Justice AS Naidu Commissionprobing the 2008 ethno-communal riot in Odisha's Kandhamaldistrict in which at least 38 people were killed, on Tuesday submitted its report to the state government.

"We have handed over the commissions' report in twovolumes to the home secretary today," AK Patnaik, secretaryof the commission told reporters.
Not revealing the commission's findings andrecommendations made in the report, Patnaik said a total of825 affidavits were filed before the commission and statements
of 300 witnesses were recorded.
The state government had set up the judicial commissionon September 8, 2008 after ethno-communal riots broke out inKandhamal district and other parts of the state following themurder of Vishwa Hindu Parishad (VHP) leader Swami LaxmanandaSaraswati and four of his associates at his Chakapada Ashramon the night of August 23.
Saraswati's killing had triggered communal violence inKandhamal and adjoining areas in which at least 38 peoplewere killed.
Riots broke out in different parts of Kandhamal duringthe VHP leader's funeral procession from Jalespata ashram toChakapada ashram located at the other end of the district onAugust 25.

More than 25,000 Christians had fled their homes inKandhamal after their houses were attacked by rampaging mobs,who held Christians responsible for the murders.
The police, however, blamed the murders on the Maoists.Justice Sarat Chandra Mohapatra was appointed as the oneman commission to probe Saraswati's killing and the subsequentriots. However, Justice Mahpatra passed away in 2012 beforecompleting the inquiry. Then Justice AS Naidu was appointedby the government to head the one-man probe panel in 2012.

------------------
Moradabad: The son of an Indian murder victim has confessed to stabbing his father`s killer to death and chopping his body into 12 pieces, one for every year since his father was slain, media reported on Tuesday.

Alam Khan was aged 12 when he saw his father being murdered by a family friend in 2003. He had secretly planned his revenge ever since and finally seized his chance last week when he invited the killer over for a drink.
After getting Mohammad Rais drunk at his home in the state of Uttar Pradesh, Khan knifed him to death before using a hammer and hacksaw to dismember the body, he told reporters on Monday after his arrest.
He and an accomplice then packed the body parts into plastic bags which they threw into a river. When the bags washed up on the river`s banks, police were only able to identify Rais from a surgery scar on his torso.
Khan was arrested after witnesses recounted how Rais had last been seen visiting his home, and made a full confession.
"I played some music at full volume and cut his body into 12 pieces," Khan was quoted as saying by The Times of India.
Khan had never told anyone about the identity of his father`s killer and had instead waited for 12 years to "realise his dream" of taking revenge. He was "happy it was now done".

Police Superintendent Ram Suresh Yadav told the newspaper Khan had confessed to his crime with an "utter lack of remorse".
The murder weapons, including the hammer and hacksaw, had been recovered from Khan`s home in the district of Moradabad, Yadav added.

------------------

------------------
Mumbai: Satyaprakash alias Sadhu Rajbhar, one of the four men accused in the sensational double murder of artist Hema Upadhyay and her lawyer Harish Bhambani, was remanded in police custody till December 22 by a Borivali magistrate here on Wednesday.

Sadhu Rajbhar was detained in Varanasi in a joint operation by Special Task Force of Uttar Pradesh Police and a Mumbai Police team and was later placed under arrest.

He is an associate of the prime accused, Vidyadhar Rajbhar, who is still missing and on the run from the police.
The Uttar Pradesh Police recovered around two dozen debit, credit, club and other cards of the two murdered persons from Sadhu Rajbhar. Police sought his custody to help trace Vidyadhar and the missing car of lawyer Bhambani.

On Tuesday, Mumbai police arrested three others - Pradip Rajbhar, Azad Rajbhar and Vijay Rajbhar - for their involvement in the double murder. They were sent to police custody till December 19.
All the accused have been charged with murder, conspiracy to murder and other sections of the Indian Penal Code.
The four Rajbhars were believed to have helped Vidyadhar Rajbhar in the murder and in disposing of the victims` bodies in a Mumbai suburb`s drain last weekend.
The barely-clothed bodies of Hema and Bhambhani were packed in cardboard boxes, wrapped in plastic sheets and thrown in a large open drain near Dahanukarwadi in Kandivali West, a suburb in north-west Mumbai a few days ago.
The boxes with the bodies, recovered on Sunday, were transported in a tempo from Juhu to Kandivali, police said.
It was only after initial investigations that police succeeded in identifying them as lawyer Bhambani, 65, a resident of Sion, and Baroda-born artist Hema, 43, a resident of Santacruz.
Police have questioned the transporter who confirmed he dumped the two boxes in the Kandivali drain, believing them to contain broken antiques.

The motive behind the murder was not yet clear, but police said Hema Upadhyay and her husband Chintan Upadhyay were in a divorce battle since the past five years.
Police grilled Chintan, who married Hema in 1998, on Sunday but allowed him to go.

------------------
Varanasi/Mumbai: In a major development in Hema Upadhyay murder case, Uttar Pradesh's Special Task Force sleuths have detained two suspectsfrom Varanasi on Monday. These two include the main suspect - SadhuRajbhar.

"Rajbhar had called up Hema to meet her saying that he has some evidence against her husband," police said.
A Mumbai Police team which is probing the double murder of installation artist Hema Upadhyay and her lawyer Harish Bhambhani had gone to Uttar Pradesh as it suspected that the culprits must have taken shelter there.
The Baroda-born artist was estranged from her husband Chintan, also an artist, and the couple had filed for divorce in 2010.
Hema had in 2013 filed a harassment case against Chintan, alleging he painted obscene pictures of women on the walls of their matrimonial home in Mumbai. Bhambani had appeared for her in the case.
According to police, the bodies of Hema (43) and Bhambhani (65), their hands and feet tied with ropes, were recovered from a drain in suburban Kandivali on Saturday night. The bodies were stuffed in two cardboard boxes.
Their samples have been sent for chemical analysis and their autopsy reports are awaited, the senior official said.



------------------
Mumbai: A Mumbai Police team which is probing the double murder of installation artist Hema Upadhyay and her lawyer Harish Bhambhani has gone to Uttar Pradesh as it suspects that the culprits must have taken shelter there.

"A police team left for UP to trace the culprits, as it suspects that they must have fled to that state," a senior police official told PTI on Monday.
According to police, the bodies of Hema (43) and Bhambhani (65), their hands and feet tied with ropes, were recovered from a drain in suburban Kandivali on Saturday night. The bodies were stuffed in two cardboard boxes.
Their samples have been sent for chemical analysis and their autopsy reports are awaited, the senior offical said.
"As per our probe, their bodies were transported in a tempo from suburban Juhu to Kandivali (W)," said DCP (Detection) Dhananjay Kulkarni today.
In this connection, police has also quizzed the transporter, who confirmed that he dumped the two boxes in a nullah in Kandivali on Saturday afternoon thinking that it contained broken antiques.
The statement of the transporter has been recorded, they said.
Also, police on Saturday recorded the statement of the watchman at Hema's apartment in Juhu Tara Road and her domestic servant Lalit Mandal.
Besides, Hema's estranged husband Chintan, who was in Delhi and arrived in the city yesterday, was questioned by the Crime Branch yesterday.
According to police, Hema's domestic help had filed a missing complaint at Santacruz police station on Saturday.
Even Bhambhani's younger daughter Anita had filed a missing complaint at Matunga police station on Saturday.
Hema and Bhambhani were missing since Friday evening, said police, adding the watchman of Hema had last seen her on Friday at 11 AM.
Whereas according to Anita, at around 6.30 PM on Friday Bhambhani had left his King Circle home in Matunga to meet
Hema.
As per police, Bhambhani met Hema at her art studio in Andheri and at around 8.30 PM on Friday. Then he had a word with his wife on phone, after which the Bhambhani family couldn't speak with the latter despite calling him frantically several times.
Police suspect that an unidentified person, but known to the duo, had called the lawyer to give fresh evidence in a property dispute case of Hema.
They also strongly suspect that the duo were smothered by the killers.
Meanwhile, Additional Commissioner of Police (North Region) Fatehsingh Patil informed that his team is very close to cracking case but did not divulge anything further.
Police said Bhambhani's car, in which he had left for the meeting, is still to be traced.
The Baroda born artist had in 2013 filed a case against Chintan, alleging he painted obscene pictures of women on the walls of their matrimonial home in Mumbai to harass her.
Bhambani had represented Hema in the case.



------------------

------------------
Mumbai: In a gruesome incident, the bodies of well-known painter and installation artistHemaUpadhyayand her lawyerHarishBhambhanihave been found packed insidecarboardboxes lying near a drain in suburban Mumbai.


Here are some of the key details of the double murder case:-
1)- The bodies of Hema, 43, and the 65-year-old lawyer were recovered on Saturday evening close to a drain in suburban Kandivali.
2)- The bodies, with their hands and legs tied, had only undergarments on them.
3)- The bodies were stuffed inside cardboard boxes before being wrapped in plastic sheets that were sewn up.
4)- The Baroda-born artist was estranged from her husband Chintan, also an artist, and the couple had filed for divorce in 2010.
5)- Hema was going through bitter times and had in 2013 filed a harassment case against Chintan, alleging he painted obscene pictures of women on the walls of their matrimonial home in Mumbai. Bhambani had appeared for her in the case.
6)- Three persons, whose identity the police declined to divulge, have been detained in connection with the incident.
7)- A case of murder has been registered against unknown persons and bodies sent for post-mortem examination
8)- Police officials are questioning Chintan, besides her driver and domestic servants.
9)- A domestic help of Hema had lodged a missing complaint with Santa Cruz police station on Saturday after she did not return home all Friday. The wife of Bhambhani had also filed a missing complaint with Matunga police station since he did not return home after having told them he was going to meet a client.
10)- Lawyer Bhambhani's car, in which he had left for the meeting, is still to be traced.



------------------
Mumbai: The bodies of Hema Updhyay and her lawyer, found near a Mumbai drain on Saturday, had only undergarments on them.


According to Times Now, a police officer has said the deceased only had undergarments on them.
The bodies, with their hands and legs tied, were stuffed inside cardboard boxes before being wrapped in plastic sheets that were sewn up.
The bodies of well-known painter and installation artist Hema Upadhyay and her lawyer Harish Bhambhani were found packed inside carboard boxes lying near a drain in suburban Mumbai.
The bodies of Hema, 43, and 65-year-old lawyer Harish Bhambani, were recovered last evening close to a drain in suburban Kandivali, Deputy Commissioner of Police (Detection) Dhananjay Kulkarni said.
A case of murder has been registered against unknown persons and bodies sent for post-mortem examination, said Chimaji Aadhav, senior inspector of Unit 11 of the Mumbai crime branch.
Three persons, whose identity the police declined to divulge, have been detained in connection with the incident.
The Baroda-born artist was estranged from her husband Chintan, also an artist, and the couple had filed for divorce.
Hema had in 2013 filed a harassment case against Chintan, alleging he painted obscene pictures of women on the walls of their matrimonial home in Mumbai. Bhambani had appeared for her in the case.



------------------
Mumbai: Panic gripped Mumbaion Sunday after a double murder case came to the fore.


In a shocking incident, the bodies of artist Hema Upadhyayand her lawyer Harish Bhambani were found in a drain in Mumbai's Kandivali on Saturday night.
According to reports, Hema was going through bitter times. She and her husband Chintan Upadhyay, alsoa painter,had filed for divorce in 2010.
The Baroda born artist had in 2013 filed a case againstChintan, alleging he painted obscene pictures of women on the walls of their matrimonial home in Mumbai to harass her.
Bhambani had represented Hema in the case.
The bodies of Hema (43) and Bhambhani (65) were found with their handsand feet tied with ropes, Deputy Commissioner of Police(Detection) Dhananjay Kulkarni said.
Speaking on condition of anonymity, a police officerinvolved in the probe said the bodies were in "semi-naked"condition, as per PTI.
Police today questioned Chintan, besides herdriver and domestic servants, Kulkarni said, clarifying nobodyhas been detained so far in the case.
"Police have not detained anybody yet and are onlymaking inquiry. Police are quizzing those people who were intouch with Hema and her lawyer," added Kulkarni.
According to some reports, a domestic help of Hema hadlodged a missing complaint with Santa Cruz police stationyesterday after she did not return home all Friday. The familyof Bhambhani had also filed a missing complaint with AntopHill police station since he did not return home after havingtold them he was going to meet a client.
DCP Zone 11, Vickram Deshmane, who is probing the case,refused to confirm whether Hema's domestic help or Bhambani'sfamily had registered missing complaints.

Police said Bhambhani's car, in which he had left for themeeting, is still to be traced.
(With PTI inputs)


------------------

Notably, the three intellectuals were murdered at different times and places.
Pansare, a left-wing politician and author, was shot on February 16, 2015, by assailants in Kolhapur in Maharashtra, whereas Dabholkar, a rationalist and author, was killed on August 20, 2013, in Pune. Kannada writer Kalburgi was shot dead on August 30, 2015, in Dharwad district of Karnataka.
The government had, at the beginning of this month, ruled out the existence of any reports which suggested any link between the murders of the three rationalists.
However, forensic analysis of bullet cartridges found at the scenes of the three incidents suggests the probable involvement of a common set of killers.
Earlier, the three cases were being linked on the basis of the profile of the victims, probable motives, modus operandi and the 7.65-mm countrymade genre of weapons used for the killings. The cartridges provide the first physical evidence linking the murders, says a report published in the The Indian Express.

The cartridges recovered in the Kalburgi case and the Pansare case are very similar according to forensic analysis. There is similarity in the three cases through the cartridges apart from the modus operandi but this is not sufficient to identify the perpetrators as yet, the daily quoted a senior Karnataka police officer as saying.

------------------
Indore: The police here on Wednesday claimed to have cracked the infamous Kavita Raina murder case.

As per police, boutique manager Mahesh Bairagi killed Kavita and then cut her body into pieces.
News 18 reported that the police revealed that the accused wanted to have sex with the victim and film the same to make a blue film (pornographic movie). However, Kavita resisted and in a fit of rage, killed her.
He did not end there and later cut her body into six pieces.

Mahesh had been on police radar ever since the probe into the case began.
He was one of the last persons who had called Kavita on her mobile before she was murdered.

------------------
New Delhi: In a new twist in Sheena Bora murder case, the Central Board of Direct Taxes (CBDT) report has said that Indrani and Peter Mukerjea laundered up to Rs 275.5 crore by their company, INX Media.

According to a report published in The Hindu, CBDT says the Mukerjeas laundered foreign funds into INX Media via dubious investment firms based in Port Louis, Mauritius.
The money laundering took place through eight subsidiary companies between 2007 and 2008.
The report was submitted by a Government of India Deputy Secretary in the investigation wing of the CBDT to the Director-General of Income Tax on May 5, 2014.
The report reveals a complex web of conduit business firms infusing domestic and foreign capital into the INX Group.

Noteworthy, In 2008-09, INX Media had declared a loss of Rs 270 crore.
CBI has already arrested Peter Mukherjea along with filing chargesheets against Indrani Mukerjea, ex-husband Sanjeev Khanna and Shyamvar Rai in the Sheena Bora murder case.

------------------
Thane: If an employee is murdered while performing his duty, he is eligible for compensation under the Employees Compensation Act, a Thane court has held.

Judge BY Phad awarded a compensation of Rs 8,61,120 to a woman and her child for the murder of her husband while on duty in 2011.
In their claim, family members Pramiladevi Ram Avtar Singh, 24, Amarkumar Ram Avtar Singh, 6, Jadish Hareram Singh, 56 and Marnidevi Jagdish Singh, 30 of Darbhanga from Bihar stated that the victim was serving as a driver with one Siena D'silva of Mira Road in Thane district.
It was on June 28, 2011 while he was driving a Toyota Innova on the Nashik-Pune road in the jurisdiction of Sinnar, in Mohadari Ghat that he was beaten up and murdered. The accused--Shaikh, Naushad Allauddin and Atik Ul-Anola Haque-- then escaped with the vehicle. Later, they were arrested.
The family members submitted in their application that deceased Ram Avtar Jagdish Singh was 26 years old and was earning a salary of Rs 8,000. They further submitted that he died during the course of his employment and while performing his duty and claimed an amount of Rs 8,61,120 and also additional sum of Rs 2,500 as funeral expenses, Rs 5,000 for transporting the body from Sinnar, and Rs 2,000 towards legal expenses adding upto Rs 8,70,620.
The opponents in the case were the owner of the car, and employer of the deceased (D' Silva) and Reliance General Insurance Co Ltd.
The employer confirmed the employer-employee relation but contended that the claim was excessive. He also said that he was not liable for payment of compensation as the vehicle was insured with the insurance company and prayed for discharge from the liability.
The insurance company contested the claim and said the claim was false, vexatious and frivolous. They argued that Singh did not die in an accidental mishap and it was murder. Also, there is no employer-employee relationship between the first opponent and the deceased.
"The insurance company has no knowledge of the relationship of applicants with the deceased. It also denied that the deceased died while in employment of the first opponent. Therefore, insurance company cannot be saddled with payment of penalty and interest," the company submitted in the court. In his submission, the counsel for claimants, Sameer A Deshpande, informed the court that on that fateful day the deceased was driving the car owned by the first respondent and the accused who committed robbery of the vehicle also killed the employee.
The police papers on record proves the case of the applicant, he said.
Since the deceased died during course of employment of the opponent he is liable to pay the compensation amount to the applicants and the other opponent being insurance company is liable to indemnify the first opponent and pay the said amount to applicants, he submitted.
In support of his submission he cited at least half a dozen rulings of the various High Courts.
In his order the judge observed, "having considered the submissions from both sides and evidence on record, I am of opinion that it is necessary to note that even though the applicants and opponent No 1 (employer) have not filed on record any document in regard to the relationship of employer and employee (between the deceased and the opponent) the opponent No 1 has admitted to such a relation."
The judge further noted that the employer has also admitted in cross examination that she was paying wages of Rs 300 per day to the deceased, therefore it cannot be said that the claim of the applicants that deceased was receiving wages of Rs 8,000 per month is false or baseless.
"In the instant case also the opponent Insurance company has no lead evidence. It has not pleaded about breach of any conditions of the insurance policy. It has not issued any notice to the applicants or opponent No 1, to produce the driving licence of the deceased. The opponent No 1 being the employer is liable to pay the compensation and opponent No 2 being insurer is liable to indemnify the opponent No 1."

"If the insurer can establish to the satisfaction of the tribunal even in execution proceeding that the owner alone and exclusively was responsible for cause of accident to exclusion of the insurer because of breach of the insurance contract then the tribunal may pass necessary order. Therefore, I hold that at this juncture both the opponents are liable to pay the compensation of Rs 8,61,120 jointly and severally," the judge ruled.
The judge also ordered payment of interest at 12 percent from the date of accident till realisation of the entire amount.

------------------
New Delhi: The Sheena Bora murder mystery has been grabbing headlines since the day it came into light. The protagonist, who allegedly plotted the murder, is the victim's mother Indrani Mukerjea.

Indrani allegedly plotted the murder of her daughter with the help of her present husband Peter Mukerjea, ex-husband Sanjeev Khanna and her driver.
The plot has thickened since the prime suspect's current husband and ex-media baron Mukerjea was formally arrested as an accomplice on November 19 by the CBI, reports India Legal.
The new arrests and revelations have twisted the case for some, while also leading to newer clues. These seem to suggest the following:
There may be a direct link between the murder and the money stockpiled by the Mukerjeas after the sale of their company, INX Media in 2009. The CBI told the special court in Mumbai on November 26 that as much as Rs. 900 crore illegal funds from the INX Media transaction were parked through shell companies abroad, including in accounts opened for Sheena Bora in HSBC, Singapore.
With the CBI accumulating all the evidences, the revelations were shocking.
Peter, who tried to portray himself as 'another victim' of Indrani's plan, was fully aware of the plan to murder Sheena. It is now revealed, through a series of emails he had sent to his son, Rahul, that he was very much a part of the plot and knew of every step his wife was taking.
Going by what the CBI told the court, there is obviously much more in the case. The agency has now gone back to a 2013 probe report of the Serious Fraud Investigation office (SFIO), under the Ministry of Corporate Affairs, which looked into the dubious sale of INX Media.
The CBI has taken cognizance of the SFIO report, although it may look at it only within the narrow ambit of the murder investigation.
A police official, who is following the case closely, told India Legal that high stakes must certainly be involved for someone like Sanjeev Khanna to get himself entangled in the sordid mess.
Khanna was a fairly successful and respected businessman in Kolkata, owned an upscale restaurant and dabbled in real estate and the hotel development business before he was implicated in the murder.

"Why would he get involved? The explanation that he willingly joined the plot so that his daughter Vidhie's interests would be served and she would become the rightful heir to Peter's wealth is too simplistic. It may be recalled that Sanjeev was dumped by Indrani and their daughter was legally adopted by Peter. Why would Sanjeev agree to be part of the murder unless there were big bucks involved and he was promised a share?" he pointed out.
There are several questions that have bewildered investigators ever since the case came to light in August this year.

------------------
Thane: Four corporators accused of abetting the suicide of builder Suraj Parmar on Saturday surrendered before police here in accordance with the directions issued by the Bombay High Court, which refused their anticipatory bail pleas earlier this week.

The four corporators - Vikrant Chavan (Congress), Najib Mulla, Hanumant Jagdale (both NCP) and Sudhakar Chavan (independent) walked into the office of Investigating Officer ACP Dileep R Gore of the Vartak Nagar division and surrendered themselves around 9 am.
On December 1, the corporators had sought time to surrender before police and had withdrawn their bail petitions after being denied relief by Justice Ajey Gadkari.
Also, they were directed to surrender before the concerned police in Thane on December 5.
The four corporators had approached the High Court in November seeking pre-arrest bail after a sessions court in Thane rejected their plea for the same.
The High Court had on November 3 granted the four interim protection from arrest and posted their petitions for final hearing.
Parmar, a leading builder, had shot himself on October 7. His suicide note alleged that a nexus of corporators and officials was harassing him for bribes.
Thane Police had registered a case of abetment of suicide under the IPC and 'criminal misconduct' under the Prevention of Corruption Act as the suicide note allegedly named these four corporators.
According to police, the process of placing them under arrest was in progress at the ACP office after which they would be produced before a court for police remand for interrogation.
Meanwhile, police has found one more vital document related to income tax raids in 2014 on COSMOS group of builders headed by Parmar.
The document, which is in possession of Thane police, revealed financial transactions of donations for elections made to corporators and political leaders with jotted down amounts. It is also said to contain details of payments made to different departments of Thane Municipal Corporation including the Town Development Department and the PWD, the total of all which comes upto around Rs 19 crores.
The document contains names of some of the beneficiariesin full, some nick names and some initials as well, adding upto eight persons.
The police is now trying to decipher the information in the document and hopes that some more political skeletons may tumble out as the custodial interrogation progresses.

Earlier, Public Prosecutor Raja Thakare, while opposing the bail pleas of the corporators, had told the court that the police needs custodial interrogation of the four accused to ascertain financial transactions.
Thakare also told the court that one of the accused had transferred over Rs one crore to the account of an NCP MLA and all this needs to be thoroughly probed.

------------------
Pistoriushad been meant to serve the rest of his sentence under house arrest on his uncle`s property in a wealthy suburb of the capital Pretoria.
Johannesburg:South African authorities on Friday denied issuing an arrest warrant for Oscar Pistorius, who was convicted on appeal of murdering his girlfriend Reeva Steenkamp, rejecting an earlier report by a local television station.

"It is not the case," National Prosecuting Authority spokesman Luvuyo Mfaku told Reuters. "No such warrant has been issued."
The Supreme Court on Thursday upgraded the 29-year-old athlete`s sentence to murder from "culpable homicide", South Africa`s equivalent of manslaughter, for which he had received a five-year sentence. A murder conviction normally carries a minimum 15-year jail sentence.
ENCA television had earlier reported that a warrant of arrest had been issued for the paralympic champion.

Pistorius had been meant to serve the rest of his sentence under house arrest on his uncle`s property in a wealthy suburb of the capital Pretoria.
A new sentence will be handed down at a later date, Mfaku said.

------------------
Former England cricket captain Kevin Pieterseon has welcomed the paralympic athlete Oscar Pistorius has had his culpable homicide conviction upgraded to murder.
New Delhi: Former England cricket captain Kevin Pieterseon has welcomed the paralympic athlete Oscar Pistorius has had his culpable homicide conviction upgraded to murder.

The Supreme Court on Thursday upgraded the 29-year-old athlete`s sentence to murder from "culpable homicide", South Africa`s equivalent of manslaughter, for which he had received a five-year sentence.
The South-African born batsman wrote on Twitter:
Pieterseon had previously expressed his support for the Steenkamp family following the original ruling.
In October 2014, Pistorius was convicted of culpable homicide by the Pretoria High Court after he shot dead his model girlfriend, Reeva Steenkamp, 29, whom he allegedly mistook for an intruder at his residence on Valentine's Day 2013.

And the paralympian was released from prison on October 19 this year after serving one year of his five-year term for killing Steenkamp and is currently under house arrest.
A murder conviction normally carries a minimum 15-year jail sentence.

------------------
The Supreme Court on Thursday upgraded the 29-year-old athlete`s sentence to murder from "culpable homicide".
Johannesburg:South African authorities have issued a warrant of arrest for Oscar Pistorius, a day after the Paralympic champion was convicted on appeal of murdering his girlfriend Reeva Steenkamp, ENCA television reported on Friday.


The Supreme Court on Thursday upgraded the 29-year-old athlete`s sentence to murder from "culpable homicide", South Africa`s equivalent of manslaughter, for which he had received a five-year sentence. A murder conviction normally carries a minimum 15-year jail sentence.
South Africa`s National Prosecuting Authority issued the arrest warrant, ENCA said.

------------------
Mumbai: A special court on Tuesday sentformer media tycoon PeterMukerjea, one of the four prime accused in the Sheena Bora murder case, to judicial custody till December 14.

Mukerjea has been in the custody of the Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) since the agency arrested him on November 19 from Mumbai.
The prosecution lawyer said that as of now they did not require Mukerjea further in CBI custody and sought judicial custody for him.
The CBI had earlier sought four days custody of Mukerjea for investigation pertaining to certain financial transactions, including details of bank accounts opened by his wife and co-accused Indrani Mukerjea in Hong Kong besides other issues.
The CBI said it also wanted to ascertain whether Mukerjea gave any deceptive replies during the polygraph test he underwent in New Delhi on November 28.
Strongly opposing further remand, the defence lawyer claimed that Mukerjea had nothing to hide and he had willingly undergone the polygraph test.
Following the submissions, Metropolitan Magistrate RV Adone extended Mukerjea' CBI custody till Tuesday.
Mukerjea was arrested on November 19 from his home in Mumbai and has been in CBI custody since then.
Among other things, the CBI contends that Mukerjea was aware of the killing of Sheena, the daughter of his wife Indrani Mukerjea.
In August, the Mumbai Police arrested Indrani, her ex-husband Sanjeev Khanna and her former driver Shyamwar Rai in connection with the murder.

The three are in CBI custody till December 3.
(With IANS inputs)

------------------
Mumbai: Pradeep Waghmare, one of the domestic servants of Indrani Mukerjea, during interrogation has told the CBI that he was sent to Kolkata to collect some illegal drugs.

According to a report published in Mumbai Mirror, Indrani had sent Waghmare to get some illegal drugs however the person who was supposed to sell him the drugs did not turn up at the meeting point i.e. Sealdah railway station.
Also, Indrani had instructed Waghmare to throw the drugs if caught by the police, the report added.
The statement given by Waghmare raises a big question - Did Indrani have plans to drug someone else too after Sheena Bora's murder?
Noteworthy, according to investigations by Mumbai police and CBI, Indrani Mukerjea had used drugs on at least three ocsasions - When Sheena was heavily sedated in 2009 in Delhi , the day Sheena was murdered, she was offered a spiked drink and when Mikhail Bora was drugged on April 24, 2012.
Pradeep Waghmare had worked as a domestic servant at the Mukerjea's in Worli. He had earlier worked at Star India office in Andheri.
Sheena Bora was allegedly murdered by her mother Indrani Mukerjea, her former husband Sanjeev Khanna and former driver Shyamvar Rai here in April 2012. The body of the 24-year-old was dumped at a forest in Raigad district. Peter Mukerjea has also been arrested by the CBI in connection with the case.








------------------
Mumbai: The family of former media tycoon Peter Mukerjea on Thursday said his arrest in connection with the murder of his step-daughter Sheena Bora has shocked it.

"This has been a trying time for the family as it would be for anyone in similar circumstances. Peter is a much loved member of the family, known for his generous and compassionate nature and an honourable and impeccable reputation," a statement issued by the family said.
It said the family is confident of Peter's innocence and they are in no doubt that due process will ultimately reveal this.
"It would be best at this time that the agencies are allowed to conduct their work in an unhampered manner - without irresponsible conclusions being arrived at in the interim period by any party."
Earlier this week, the 59-year-old Peter was taken to New Delhi for two days for questioning by senior CBI officials and experts on the financial trail in the sensational murder case. He was brought to Mumbai this morning.

The central agency had claimed it has come across some important information and documents which are very crucial for probe relating to the case.
Sheena (24), Indrani's daughter from an earlier marriage, was allegedly killed by her mother, Khanna and Rai in April 2012.

------------------
Ghaziabad: In the latest incident showing Deteriorating law and order situation in Uttar Pradesh, a police constable was shot down by a group of unknown persons inside a police post after he refused to give them water for consuming alcohol.

The incident took place at around 7.30 pm on Wednesday at Banthla police post. The deceased cop, identified as Suresh Yadav from Etah district in the state, was alone inside the police post.
According to report in the Hindustan Times, Suresh Yadav was gunned down by a country-made pistol after resisted the entry of assailants inside the police post.
Around 2-3 heavily drunk men arrived at the post and asked the constable for water with which they wanted to consume liquor. The constable denied them water and entry inside the police post. He told the men to clear out from the police post. This led to a heated exchange of words, during which one the men whipped out a country made gun and fired a shot at the policeman from close range, said a police spokesperson.

Yadav suffered serious bullet injuries in his chest and died on the spot. Initial reports suggest that the attackers were part of a a wedding party in a nearby village - Mandla.
Following the incident, a police team detained and searched all the guests at the wedding ceremony but failed to make any breakthrough.

------------------
New Delhi: The Delhi police is contemplating charging the juvenile rapist of the December 16gang-rapeunder the stringent National Security Act (NSA), media reports said.

The juvenile rapist is set to walk free in December after three years in a correctional home.

According to reports, senior police officers have already held a meeting with senior legal minds to seek opinion on the same.
If is he booked under NSA, he can be imprisoned for a maximum of another 12 months.

------------------
Mumbai: The "relationship" between Peter Mukerjea's son Rahul and Indrani's daughter Sheena Bora has been listed by a Mumbai court as one of the motives behind Sheena's killing.

"On the basis of record and prosecution's case two motives can be gathered..One is of relationship between step brother (Rahul) and sister (Sheena) and the other (is) the financial transaction," observed Magistrate Mahesh R Natu, before whom Peter was produced for extension of his custody.
The Magistrate also held that the conduct of the accused persons in the sensational murder case plays a very vital role.
"It is pertinent to note that the allegation is of murder of daughter (Sheena) by mother (prime accused Indrani), but the fact was not disclosed for about two and half years. Screening of the offence for about two and half years ago itself shows about the tough mentality of the accused," the court observed in its order, the copy of which was given to Peter's advocates Kushal Mor and Shrikant Sonkavade today.
It was not (the behaviour) of a common man, he breaks somewhere, the court observed.
"The additional material that father (Peter) tells son (Rahul) that deceased is alive and that too after her murder shows (his) tough mentality," the court observed.
The court yesterday extended the CBI custody of Peter till November 26.
The CBI had yesterday reiterated that financial transaction was the motive behind Sheena's murder.
The agency had also said that Peter had disclosed that investments of crores of rupees were made by him and Indrani in the form of fixed deposits in UK and India and some immovable properties were also acquired by them during 2010-2011, but did not disclose the source of money for acquiring the said assets.

The CBI had told the court that Peter was not forthcoming about the conversation that he had with Indrani on the day of the murder.
Indrani, her former husband Sanjeev Khanna and her former driver Shyamvar Rai have been chargesheeted for the murder of 24-year-old Sheena, Indrani's daughter from an earlier marriage, in April 2012.

------------------
New Delhi: The Supreme Court on Tuesday refused to release French national Marie-Emmanue Vehroeven - accused in the murder of Chilean senator Jamia Guzmann in 1991 - saying she was accused of a terror act and there would be no control over her if released on bail.

The Chilean government has sought Vehroeven's extradition.
"She is accused of terrorist activities. She is accused of murder. She is a part of the subversive group. Once we release her, there would be no control over her," said an apex court bench comprising Justice TSThakur and Justice Kurian Joseph while declining the plea for Vehroeven's release.
"Terrorists (the world over) are striking at will. It also involves bilateral relations between two countries and cordial relations and cooperation between two States," Justice Thakur observed as senior counsel TRAndhyarujina, appearing for Vehroeven, urged the court to release her pending case hearing since it would take some time for the arguments to conclude and judgment to be pronounced.
Asking Andhyarujina to argue the matter fully, the court said: "We are not going to release the lady as she is accused of serious offence."
The court fixed December 8 for further hearing in the case.
Marie-Emmanue Vehroeven, a psychologist by profession, is a devotee of Lord Buddha and was on her third visit to India to travel to different Buddhist places when she was arrested on February 17 after she entered India from Nepal.
Her arrest came in pursuance to a Red Corner Notice (RCN) issued by Interpol, which was subsequently withdrawn on May 30, 2015.
She was re-arrested on February 24, 2015, as a requirement under the Extradition Act, 1962.
Her re-arrest on February 24 was quashed by the Delhi High court by its September 21 order.
In the wake of high court order, Vehroeven was again arrested on September 22 after the Chilean embassy a day earlier urged the Indian government not to release her.
As Andhyarujina said Vehroeven could not be detained after the RCN was withdrawn, Additional Solicitor General P.S. Patwalia told the court that RCN was withdrawn by Interpol as it had "worked itself out" after her arrest.
Andhyarujina then read out from a CBI response before the Delhi High Court that the RCN was withdrawn by the Interpol on May 30, 2015. Patwalia - who appeared for the ministry of external affairs - pleaded ignorance about it.
At this, the apex court asked Patwalia: "If you arrest a person in pursuance to non-bailable warrant issued by court and then it (NBW) is withdrawn, can you still keep a person in custody?"
Justice Kurian observed that Indian constitution's article 21 guaranteeing protection of life and personal liberty was not just for the citizens of India but for everyone.
Andhyarujina argued that Vehroeven could not be extradited to Chile as sought by it (Chile) as there was no extradition treaty between the two countries.
Andhyarujina also read out to the court a note verbale of September 21 by the Chilean embassy in New Delhi, saying that even though there was no extradition treaty between the two countries, Vehroeven should not be released and offered "reciprocity" in lieu of her extradition.

Additional Solicitor General Patwalia contested the submission that there was no extradition treaty between India and Chile, pointing out that the government had notified a British Extradition Act, 1867, providing for the extradition arrangement between India and Chile.
The court said it would examine all these aspects.

------------------
Mumbai: Former media magnate Peter Mukerjea, arrested by the CBI in connection with the sensational Sheena Bora murder case for allegedly "shielding the accused", will be produced in a magistrate's court in Mumbai on Friday.

Peter Mukherjea's wife Indrani, her former husband Sanjeev Khanna and her former driver Shyamvar Rai will also be brought to the court since their judicial custody expires on Friday.
In a fresh twist in the Sheena case, Peter Mukherjea was yesterday arrested by the Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI), hours after it filed a chargesheet in which Indrani, the mother of the victim born from her first marriage, and two others were accused of the crime.
A CBI spokesperson had said that Peter's name surfaced during its probe in the case and "he has been arrested".
The spokesperson refused to divulge any further details in the case, but sources in the probe agency said he has been arrested for allegedly "shielding the accused" and "inconsistencies" in his statements. Peter was placed under arrest after another round of questioning yesterday.
Peter, who has been kept in the office of Special Task Force of CBI here, will be produced before the magistrate's court on Friday.
The CBI is likely to seek his custody as they want to interrogate him to unravel his role in the murder case.
The probe agency, which was handed over the case on September 29 after a turf-war between the ousted Commissioner Rakesh Maria and the new incumbent Ahmed Javed, had questioned Mukherjea for hours before it was decided to place him under arrest, the sources said.
Sheena Bora was allegedly murdered by her mother, Indrani's former husband Sanjeev Khanna and her former driver Shyamvar Rai here in April 2012. The body of the 24-year-old was dumped in a forest in the neighbouring Raigad district.
The court is likely to give a copy of chargesheet to Indrani, Khanna and Rai.

The chargesheet, filed three months after Sheena Bora's remains were found in a forest near Mumbai, names Indrani, Khanna and Rai as accused--who were all arrested in August this year.
The agency has charged them with criminal conspiracy to kidnap, murder, cheating, destruction of evidence, forgery and use of forged documents besides violation of provisions of Information Technology Act.

------------------
Mumbai: In a major development in Sheena Bora murder case, media honcho Peter Mukerjea was arrested on Thursday by CBI officials on charges of criminal conspiracy.


Peter was arrested based on some information given by Indrani, CNN-IBN reported citing CBI sources. He will be produced before a court on Friday.
His arrest comes hours after CBI filed a chargesheet in a magistrate's court here in which former media magnate Indrani Mukherjee and two others have been named as accused. The chargesheet was filed three months after Sheena Bora's remains were found in a forest near Mumbai.
Twenty-four-year-old Sheena Bora was allegedly murdered by her mother, Indrani's ex husband Sanjeev Khanna and her former driver Shyamvar Rai here in April 2012 and her body was dumped in a forest in Raigad district.
The chargesheet, running into more than 1,000 pages and containing statements of 150 witnesses, 200 documents and seven statements recorded before magistrate, was submitted before magistrate RV Adone at Esplanade Court in South Mumbai.
It names Indrani, Khanna and Rai as accused - who were all arrested in August this year - after Rai allegedly spilled the beans while he was being interrogated in a different case.
The probe into the sensational case, which was personally supervised by the then Mumbai police commissioner Rakesh Maria, was later handed over to the Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) by the Maharashtra Government considering its various aspects, including the suspected money trail.
Indrani, Khanna and Rai are currently lodged in judicial custody which is due to expire on Friday.
Mukherjea's name surfaced during its probe in the case and "he has been arrested", a CBI spokesperson said, but refused to divulge any further details.
Sources in the probe agency however said that he has been arrested for allegedly "shielding the accused" and "inconsistencies" in his statements. Peter was placed under arrest after another round of questioning.
He has been kept in the office of Special Task Force of CBI here and will be produced before the competent court tomorrow.
Last week, the magistrate's court recorded the confession of Shyamvar Rai under section 164 of Criminal Procedure Code, which, unlike a police statement, is admissible as evidence in the court, a CBI official said. Rai had written to the court and had said he wanted to reveal "the truth" about the case.
According to the Mumbai police which initially probed the case, Sheena was strangled inside a car and her body was burnt before being dumped in the forest. The police had to take the help of forensic experts to confirm that the remains found in Raigad forest were that of Sheena.
Ever since the investigation began, the case has been through some dramatic turns like hospitalisation of Indrani after she collapsed in the Byculla prison.
The police had also questioned Mukerjea during the probe. The case also generated much political heat with the opposition attacking the BJP-led Government in the state for abrupt transfer of Rakesh Maria in September in the midst of the probe.
Peter's lawyer Mahesh Jethmalani said he was surprised at the decision of CBI to place him under arrest. "I will be extremely shocked if the news about his arrest is true," he said.

"I contacted him through messages and my last contact was well past 7.30 PM when he informed me that he was being questioned by the CBI and that he would contact me later," he said.
(With Agency inputs)

------------------
New Delhi: In a major development in the high-profile Sheena Bora murder case, a forensic examination report has confirmed that the body, found from a forest area in Raigad near Mumbai was of the 24-year-old who was murdered allegedly by her mother Indrani Mukerjea and two others.

In total three tests were conducted by AIIMS forensic department to prove that the charred remains were of Sheena Bora, sources said.
"Forensic experts went to the crime scene in Mumbai and Kalina FSL from where the samples were collected," sources added.
The CBI officials are likely to submit the chargesheet in the next few days.
24-year-old Sheena was Indrani's daughter from her first marriage with Siddharth Das. Later Indrani married TV bigwig Peter Mukerjea but did not disclose Sheena's real identity.
Apart from 43-year-old Indrani,the accused include her former husband Sanjeev Khanna and her former driver Shyamvar Rai.

Indrani, along with Khanna and Rai, has been accused of murdering Sheena, her daughter from previous relationship, and disposing of her body in aRaigad forest in April 2012, about 84 kms from Mumbai.
According to police, Sheena was allegedly strangled in a car, then her body was burnt before being dumped in the forest in neighbouring Raigad district.

------------------
Chittoor: The Mayor of Chittoor was on Tuesday stabbed to death and her husband seriously injured by unidentified assailants, in an attack suspected to be a fallout of a family dispute, police said.


The incident occurred at Chittoor Municipal Corporation office when five-six persons with their faces covered barged into Mayor Katari Anuradha's chamber and stabbed her, resulting in her death, DIG (Anantapur Range) K Satyanarayana told PTI.
The Mayor, aged around 50, belonged to the ruling Telugu Desam Party (TDP).
Before escaping from the spot, the assailants went into an adjoining room where Anuradha's husband K Mohan, also senior TDP leader, was sitting and apparently shot at him before stabbing him, Andhra Pradesh Additional Director General of Police (Law and Order) R P Thakur said.
Asked specifically if the mayor was shot dead, Thakur said she was stabbed to death.
Mohan was taken to the Christian Medical College Hospital at Vellore for treatment where his condition was reported to be serious, Satyanarayana said.
"As per preliminary information, the attack was carried out following a family dispute. An investigation has been launched and the truth will be revealed soon. The attackers belong to Karnataka and a hunt has been launched to nab them. We will catch them very soon," he said.
A pistol and a knife have been recovered from the spot, the DIG added.
Andhra Pradesh Chief Minister N Chandrababu Naidu
expressed grief over the incident and said it is a very heinous act.
"...The way the assailants killed, that too a woman, is inhuman and highly condemnable. The investigation is underway. All culprits will be arrested and punished," Naidu said.
This incident shows the mentality of the people who are hardcore criminals, the CM said.
He said law and order is top priority for his government and such criminal activities will not be tolerated.
Meanwhile, Rajahmundry Mayor Pantham Rajani Sesha Sai also expressed profound grief over the murder of Chittoor mayor Katari Anuradha.

In a condolence message, Sai said, "I am deeply shocked with the death of Anuradha, who was not only a mayor but a good friend. We met recently in Tirupati during the party meeting and she was cooperating with all."
Sai was planning to visit Chittoor to pay her last respects, but the visit was cancelled following heavy rains.

------------------
New Delhi: An Uzbek woman, who went missing from South Extension area here around seven weeks ago, was later found murdered and a 30-year-old man has been arrested in this connection, police said on Monday.

The other accused in the case, identified as another Uzbek woman, who was a close associate of the 28-year-old victim, is still at large, said a senior official.
The man, arrested yesterday from his residence at Kailash Colony in southeast Delhi, has been identified as Gagan alias Gurvinder.
He allegedly misled the police for weeks after he was questioned for the first time, said Joint Commissioner of Police (Southeast range) R S Krishnia.
Gagan and the accused woman, so far identified as one Naaz, allegedly abducted the Uzbek woman on September 24 and strangled her to death in a car.
They drove the vehicle to a village in the outskirts of Samalkha town in Haryana's Panipat district. There they allegedly dumped the body in an open field and set it on fire, said an official privy to the investigation.
The police said that it is suspected to be case of personal rivalry, but did not disclose further details about the motive behind the alleged murder.
The woman, who was living here on a tourist Visa, was residing at a house rented by a friend at south Delhi's Vasant Kunj area.
Initially her friends and relatives assumed that she must have left for somewhere without informing.
But when she could not be reached for more than 24 hours and later when her phone was found switched off, the matter was reported to the police on October 26 and a missing complaint was registered, said a senior police official.
In a few days, her mother -- who claimed that she was talking to her daughter over phone when she was abducted -- reported the matter to the police and a case of abduction was registered, said the official.

The Uzbek woman's relatives alleged that the police took a long time to register an FIR regarding the matter.
The police, however, maintained that the case was registered as soon as an official complaint alleging abduction was received from the party.

------------------

------------------
Johannesburg: An early evening stroll in a Johannesburg park turned into a nightmare for two couples in an attack that that was so horrific it shocked even crime-calloused South Africans.

A 24-year-old Zimbabwean suspected of being one of attackers appeared in court today, local media reported.
Two women were forced to watch as their partners were stripped, tied up with their own clothes and thrown into a lake, one survivor of last month's attack recalled as authorities try to bring the assailants to justice.
The attack happened on a Saturday evening as the couples walked along a path near a lake. They were surrounded by a group of men, the survivor said in a video on the Times Live news site. They heard guns cock, then they were instructed to lie down on the grass. The attackers searched the couples for valuables and finding nothing, decided to throw the men in the water, tied up with their own clothes.
"They threw our men into the water and told them to swim to the other side," she said, her head wrapped in a scarf, a symbol of mourning.

Both men drowned, their bodies retrieved by police divers hours later.
One of the victims was a 25-year-old teacher at a public school in Johannesburg. On the school's Facebook page, students and colleagues wrote messages of sympathy for Kela. In the suburb of Kensington, east of downtown Johannesburg, residents laid flowers at the crime scene. 

------------------
London: An Indian-origin father who was found hanging here earlier this year strangled his wife and twin teenage daughters before committing suicide following a violent row over his in-laws allegedly "cheating" him out of money, a UK court has been told.

Rethish Pullarkattil Kunjunny murdered wife Shighi Padmanabhan and his 13-year-old daughters Niya and Neha at their family home in Essex, north-east of London, in May.
Two days later, the 44-year-old's body was found near a reservoir in east London with a note which said: "My mother in-law cheated me."
During an inquest last week at Walthamstow Coroners Court, it emerged that in the week before the murders Kunjunny attacked 37-year-old Shighi following a dispute about a property in India.
Detective Sergeant John Logan, who investigated the deaths, said: "She (Shighi) had been punched and kicked and she had done the same back in retaliation."
Then on the day of the murders, May 10, a friend went round to the family home in the afternoon when Shighi said the "marriage was over" and they would be getting a divorce.
"During that visit Kunjunny said words to the effect of 'if she wants a divorce that is what she can have'. The friend offered her a place to stay but she refused citing work commitments," Logan told the court.
The family of four had moved to the UK in 2005 from India and lived in Chadwell Heath area where the girls went to school.
Kunjunny, a chef, was sending money back to build a house which his in-laws were handling.
It is believed Kunjunny murdered his wife and children by strangling them and then placed their bodies in two bedrooms of the home.
Coroner Ian Wade concluded: "It seems to me Kunjunny was a man of ordinary reasonable maturity, who had a job and a wife and two growing teenage daughters."
"He also seems and appears to have had the deeply held the view, the obsessively held view, that he was being cheated by members of his wife's family does not explain or justify what followed," Wade said.

"It perhaps indicates he was man who was deeply self-obsessed and had no proper insight into the collective interests and welfare of those he should have been responsible for. It appears to me he was driven to the point where he wielded the criminal urges which overwhelmed him to take the lives of his wife and two daughters," Wade said.
"I think it reasonable to conclude Kunjunny had committed a despicable act on his wife and children, and perhaps in part he was overwhelmed by the consequences of that, and he felt he must take his own life," Wade said. 

------------------

------------------
Kolkata: Questioning the sudden awakening of their conscience, Union Minister Uma Bharti said on Saturday that all those who have been returning awards in protests against intolerance were themselves fanning communalism in the country.

Addressing a public rally in the city on the occasion of Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel's birth anniversary, the union water resources minister said the "manufactured protest" by the intelligentsia was tarnishing the country's image internationally.
"All those who are returning awards and clamouring for intolerance, they themselves are fanning communalism. It's a manufactured movement and an attempt to malign the country internationally," said Bharti.
A host of authors, filmmakers and even scientists have been returning prestigious government awards in protest against rising intolerance in the country including the killing of scholar MMKalburgi in Karnataka and lynching of a Muslim man in Uttar Pradesh's Dadri over rumours of beef eating.
"The incidents which they are protesting against did not happen in BJP ruled states. Instead of asking the governments of UP and Karnataka, why are they pinning the blame on the BJP and seeking answers from Modi?" asked Bharti.
"I want to ask all the award returnees, why this sudden awakening of your conscience? Where was your conscience during the 1984 (anti-Sikh) riots? Let me tell all the returnees, you will not be able to cause any harm to the prime minister. This is only an attempt to derive political mileage by spreading communalism," she asserted.
Bharti also claimed India won its real independence only after Modi became prime minister.
"In 1947, only the territory of India achieved independence but its soul continued to be under siege of the anti-national Leftists. From the academia to the intelligentsia and the media, all were under the influence of the Leftists. But with Modi becoming the prime minister, the country's soul attained freedom, the media, the intelligentsia, the academia, all became free," she said.
She also slammed the organising of a "beef party" in the city on Friday and urged people not to fall prey to such communal provocations.
"I want to remind the people of the country including Congress president (Sonia Gandhi) and other self proclaimed secular leaders - we follow the principles cherished by Patel which are be tolerant towards religion but be aggressive for the sake of the country," she said.

Asserting India's tolerance, Bharti cited the frisking of Bollywood superstar Shah Rukh Khan and Uttar Pradesh minister Azam Khan at US airports as examples of intolerance in other countries.
"All those who are clamouring about intolerance, let me remind them that a famous actor with Khan as his surname was frisked at a US airport even as a long line of his fans waited for him outside. Another Indian minister from India also with Khan as his surname was subjected to the same treatment," added Bharti.

------------------
Mumbai: A metropolitan magistrate court here extended the judicial custody of Indrani Mukerjea--prime accused in Sheena Bora murder case--and two others till November 7 after their 12-day remand ended on Saturday.

This was the first time when all the three accused --Indrani Mukerjea, her former husband Sanjeev Khanna and driver Shyamvar Rai--were produced before the court after CBI took over the investigations in the case last month.
During the hearing, CBI today prayed that it may be given further permission to interrogate the trio in the jail, which was granted by Magistrate NB Shinde (till November 7).
When the court sought to know from the CBI lawyer if Indrani has been interrogated, he said the agency has done so twice, but still it was necessary to further quiz her.
Earlier, the court had allowed CBI to question all the three accused in jail till October 31 (today).
CBI has sought Indrani's voice samples for verification as it has got hold of some call records which purportedly featured her voice.
When the matter came up today, Indrani's lawyer Gunjan Mangala told the court that her client has been feeling drowsy and proper medical treatment should be given to her.
Mangala told the court that Indrani has cooperated with the probe agency but her medical condition was not well.
"When her (Indrani's) medical condition is not good, she should not be interrogated," she urged before the court.
At this, the magistrate directed the agency to get a fitness (report) from the concerned authorities before interrogating her (in jail).
The court also directed Indrani's lawyer to take consent from her to conduct voice sampling on her.
To which, Mangala told the court that she (Indrani) was palpitating and was not medically and mentally fit to give consent for the voice sampling test.
The only time Indrani spoke today was when the court asked her "are you not in a position (to give your consent for voice samples) to which she replied, "No..Sir".
The local court on October 19 had extended the custody of Mukerjea, her former husband Sanjeev Khanna and her driver Shyamvar Rai till October 31.
Indrani, Khanna and Rai have been arrested on the charge of murdering 24-year-old Sheena and disposing off her body in a Raigad forest in April 2012.
Indrani was recently hospitalised after her platelet count dipped drastically. However, doctors at JJ hospital had later made it clear that she had not contracted dengue as suspected.

Earlier, on October 2, Indrani was taken to JJ from Byculla womens' prison in an unconscious state, fuelling speculation that she had overdosed on anti-depressant drugs. But the probe by Inspector General (prisons) ruled out the possibility of drug overdose, poisoning or suicide bid.
On October 6, the 43-year-old was discharged and sent back to jail.

------------------
Alappuzha: The Kerala Police have decided to further probe the death of Swami Swaswethikananda in July 2002. The investigation was earlier closed after being presumed to be a case of drowning, a minister said on Saturday.

"The further probe would be coordinated by additional director general of police (Crime Branch) SAnanthakrishnan and would be conducted by Crime Branch superindent of police PK Madhu," State Home Minister Ramesh Chennithala told reporters here.
The new move came following a Kerala court accepting a petition by PD Joseph earlier this month which sought a re-investigation into the mysterious death of the seer in the light of fresh revelations.
The popular Swami, who had wide connections across political parties at the time of his death, had serious difference of opinion with Vellapally Natesan, the powerful Hindu Ezhava leader and general secretary of the Sree Narayana Dharma Paripalana (SNDP) Sangom.
The case took a turn to this extent following fresh revelation which came from leading businessman Biju Ramesh, after Natesan opened his mind to form a political party and was getting ready to join the third front led by the BJP .
Businessman Biju Ramesh in a TV channel discussion revealed that a person called Priyan had pleaded with him soon after the death of the Swami not to rake up the case, saying that the Swami was killed by him (Priyan) as directed by Natesan.
Following the revelation both the CPI-M and even a section of top senior Congress leaders said that the clear the air a further probe needed to be conducted to settle the issue once and for all.
Incidentally, the Kerala police in 2013 filed the closure report in the Kerala high court stating that the Swami died after a fall and his head hit the rocks in the river bed. And, there was no foul play.
On Friday, Biju Ramesh gave a new statement to the police in the case and even volunteered to undergo a lie detector test.

Hailing the further probe, Natesan said there are some people whose doubts will never end and wished with the new probe their doubts may be cleared permanently.
"Let there be any probe and whatever happens, nothing is going to happen to me," said Natesan when reporters told him about the new directive.

------------------
Dhaka: A senior Bangladeshi minister Wednesday accused a leader of the main opposition party BNP of orchestrating the murder of an Italian aid worker as part of a plot to destabilise the government.

"According to the information we have gathered, a BNP leader identified as M A Qayyum was one of the masterminds behind the murder of the Italian aid worker," Home Minister Asaduzzaman Khan Kamal told reporters.
Cesare Tavella, 50, was shot thrice from a close range on September 28 while he was jogging. Five days later, a 66-year-old Japanese farmer was also killed by unidentified assailants in a similar attack on the outskirts of northern Rangpur city sparking an international uproar.
Both the murders and blasts outside a Shia shrine in the capital have been claimed by the dreaded Islamic State terror group.
Qayyum is a former Councillor of Dhaka City Corporation and he is now staying in Malaysia, officials said.
The four suspects arrested in connection with Tavella's murder earlier this week say they received orders for the murder from Qayyum's younger brother who is now on the run, officials said.
Some media reports have also said the orders of Tavella's murder actually came from a Bangladeshi source in London and the funds to carry out the murder were also channelled from the British capital.
A Bangladeshi newspaper got in touch with Qayyum in Malaysia and he denied any involvement in the murder.
There is no organisational form of Islamic State in Bangladesh, Home Minister Kamal reiterated today, hours after SITE defended its report on IS activities here.
"Those who claim to be IS here are offshoots of militant outfits Huji, al-Qaeda, JMB. They all have their roots within Jamaat-Shibir," he told reporters.

There is a local and international conspiracy to stir up instability in the country, he said.
"We are arresting them (militants) all. They will be brought to face justice," he said.

------------------
Muzaffarnagar: The wife of slain gangster Vicky Tyagi has accused several police officials of murdering him, police said on Wednesday.

The slain gangster's wife Meenu Tyagi in her statement yesterday alleged that Vicky was murdered in a conspiracy hashed by police officials who had threatened to kill him before the incident, Superintendent of Police CB-CID, JK Shahi said.
The CB-CID team, which is investigating the murder case recorded her statement, Shahi said.
The team also recorded statements of eight other inmates, who were present in court at the time of Vicky's murder, the SP said.
History-sheeter Tyagi was shot dead during a court hearing on February 16, this year.

The assailant, Sagar Malik, was arrested on the spot while another accused, Brijbir, was nabbed later. Three police officials, namely Deputy SP (STF) Anuj Choudhry, SHO Sachin Malik and constable Vikas, too, had been named in the case.
The deceased was one of the accused in the 2011 Barkali case, in which eight people of a family were killed.

------------------
Mumbai: A special women's court in Mumbai on Tuesday convicted a 29-year-old driver for the rape and murder of a Andhra Pradesh-based woman software engineer in suburban Kurla here last year.

Special Judge Vrushali Joshi convicted accused Chandrabhan Sanap after agreeing with the prosecution, which examined 39 witnesses in the case.
Sanap was convicted under IPC Section 302 (murder), Section 376 (rape) and Section 201 (causing disappearance of evidence of offence).
The court is likely to hear the arguments on sentencing tomorrow.
Mumbai Police's crime branch had arrested Sanap in early March last year about two months after the murder of the 23-year-old techie, who was a native of Machilipatnam in Andhra Pradesh and was employed as assistant system engineer with IT major TCS at its office in suburban Goregaon.
Investigators caught Sanap after an exhaustive scrutiny of 36 CCTV footages at the railway station and grilling of about 2,500 people.
The victim went missing from Lokmanya Tilak terminus near Kurla after arriving by train from Andhra Pradesh in the early hours of January 5, 2014.
According to police, Sanap spotted her sitting alone at the railway station and offered to drop her off at Andheri on his two-wheeler.
Subsequently, he took her to an isolated spot and strangled her when she resisted his attempt to rob her.

The decomposed body of the techie was found off the Eastern Express Highway in suburban Bhandup on January 16, 2014.
Sanap, who worked as a porter here and then as a driver in Nashik, is a history-sheeter.

------------------

------------------
Pakur: A local court on Friday sentenced 16 persons to life imprisonment for killing social activist Sister Valsa Joan in Pakur district four years ago.

District and Sessions Judge Omprakash Srivastav, which convicted them on October 13, delivered the sentence under Indian Penal Code sections 302/149.
Sections 302/149 state that if an offence be committed by any member of an unlawful assembly, every other member of such assembly shall be guilty of the offence - life term).
The court also found them guilty under various other IPC sections.
The prison sentence will run concurrently.

The convicted are: Saheb Ram Madaia, Jitan Bagchi, Bablu Murmu, Bablu Murmu (two persons of the same name), Jairam Marandi, Raju Murmu, Suresh Murmu, Paisil Hembram, Prem Turi, Edwin Murmu, Tala Hembram Rakesh Turi, Pradhan Murmu, Ranjan Marandi, Nazir Soren and Munsi Murmu.
Sister Valsa had been brutally killed around midnight on November 15, 2011 at Kathaldih village under Amrapada police station of the district.

------------------
Korba: BJP Rajya Sabha MP Ranvijay Singh Judeo's younger brother, who was wanted in an attempt to murder case, has been arrested from the forests of Chhattisgarh's tribal-dominated Jashpur district, police said on Friday.

"Vikramaditya Singh Judeo was apprehended last night from a forested patch under Narayanpur police station limits of the district," Jashpur Superintendent of Police Girijashankar Jayaswal said.
Vikramaditya, who belongs to erstwhile royal family of Jashpur, had ran over his SUV on a school director over a property dispute in Jashpur town on April 6 this year and was since then absconding.
The school director, Barmeshwar Gupta, was seriously injured in the incident and was admitted at a hospital in Ranchi (Jharkhand).
The accused and his two associates were booked under section 307 (attempt to murder) and other relevant sections of IPC in this connection.
Besides, declaring him as "absconding", police had also announced Rs 5,000 reward for information leading to his arrest, the SP said.
Acting on a tip-off about his arrival at Jashpur Palace to take part in a programme related to traditional Dussehra festival of Jashpur, a team of police raided the spot last evening.

Sensing the movement of the police personnel, Vikramaditya fled from palace leaving his vehicle there, the SP said.
However, security personnel arrested him after a chase from Bene village forests, he added.

------------------
Jaipur: Well-known Jaipur-based Rajasthani and Hindi writer Anand Bhardwaj has returned his Sahitya Akademi award in protest against "rising religious intolerance and attack on freedom of expression".

In a letter addressed to Sahitya Akademi, Bhardwaj said: "There is a growing concern among writers and intelligentsia against attacks and killing by hardline communal forces and the failure of Sahitya Akademi to stand up for them (the writers)."
"I praise the writers who have returned the awards and I also want to return my award, which I won in 2004 for my Rajasthani novel Samhi Khulto Marag," Bhardawaj said.

He also sent back the prize money of Rs 50,000 awarded to him.
Noted writer Nayantara Sahgal's decision last week to return her Sahitya Akademi award over the public lynching in Dadri last month and the murder of rationalists in Maharashtra and Karnataka has triggered a wave of similar reactions from other awardees across the country.

------------------
Gumla: A principal of a college was killed on Wednesday allegedly by a student following which the accused was arrested, police said.


Shashi Bhusan, the principal of Kartik Oraon College, was attacked by the student with a sharp weapon on his throat, Superintendent of Police Bhimsen Tuti said.
The student has been arrested, the SP said adding, the police were investigating the motive behind the ghastly act.

------------------
Thiruvananthapuram: Veteran CPI-M leader VSAchuthanandan on Monday sought a CBI probe into the controversial death of a religious leader following claims that he was murdered in 2002.

A businessman, Biju Ramesh, created a sensation by claiming that Swami Swaswethikananda did not drown accidentally in a river at Aluva in Kochi but was rather killed.
"There has been a new development... So I demand the CBI should take up this case," former chief minister Achuthanandan told reporters here.
At the time of his death, the Swami, a former Sivagiri mutt chief, had serious differences with VNatesan, a Hindu Ezhava leader and general secretary of the Sree Narayana Dharma Paripalana (SNDP) Sangom who has recently moved close to the BJP.
Biju Ramesh has alleged that the Swami was murdered on Natesan's direction. Natesan has refuted the allegation.
Following Ramesh's claim, the Swami's sister also alleged that her brother could not have drowned -- he was an ace swimmer -- and might have been rather killed.
Swami Prakashananda, the current head of the Sivagiri Mutt, said he had always wondered how Swami Swaswethikananda could have drowned.
"I felt that after seeing the place of death and the injury on his forehead that it was not a death by drowning. It seems everyone wants a fresh probe. If the government wants one, it should announce it," the 93-year-old said.

Meanwhile, official sources said Kerala Police had begun a preliminary study on the scope for a fresh probe.
BJP state president VMuraleedharan on Monday said the fresh charges vis-a-vis the Swami's death was a conspiracy hatched between state CPI-M secretary KBalakrishnan and Ramesh.

------------------
Dhaka: A 66-year-old Japanese man, known for philanthropic work, was on Saturday shot dead by the Islamic State militants in Bangladesh, the second foreigner to be gunned down in a week after an Italian aid worker was killed in a near-identical attack by the dreaded outfit.

Hosi Koniyo, who was headed to an agriculture farm on the outskirts of northern Rangpur city in a rickshaw, was shot thrice in the chest, shoulder and hand by the yet-unidentified assassins.
"It appears to be a target killing as the assailants in masks shot him thrice. The Japanese gentleman died instantly," officer-in-charge of the local police station Rezaul Karim told PTI.
He said doctors declared him brought dead and body was taken to a state-run hospital in Rangpur.
"Koniyo was alone in the rickshaw. They wore masks. As he reached the scene (they) shot him in the chest, shoulder and hand and then immediately fled the scene on a motorbike," said an eyewitness.
A frequent visitor to Bangladesh, Koniyo had been in Rangpur for the past six months and was familiar in the neighbourhood because of his philanthropic work.
He had set up the farm, where he visited daily by a rickshaw, with help of a local businessman to grow grass for cattle.
Police detained the businessman, along with the rickshaw puller, Koniyo's landlord and another resident of the area, for questioning.
The Islamic State militant group claimed the killing on Twitter, the SITE Intelligence Group -- a US monitoring organisation -- said.
The Japanese national's murder came five days after 50-year-old Italian aid worker Cesare Tavella was killed when motorbike-born terrorists shot him dead in Dhaka's diplomatic Gulshan area.

Islamic State group claimed responsibility for the fatal attack on Tavella. But Bangladesh government then downplayed the claim, describing it as an "isolated incident".
Security officials, either, have not ruled out that the IS could be using "local sympathisers" to carry out such attacks.

------------------
Dhaka: A 66-year-old Japanese man, known for philanthropic work, was on Saturday shot dead by motorbike-borne masked assailants in Bangladesh, the second foreigner to be gunned down in a week after an Italian aid worker was killed in a near-identical attack claimed by the Islamic State group.

Hosi Koniyo, who was headed to an agriculture farm on the outskirts of northern Rangpur city in a rickshaw, was shot thrice in the chest, shoulder and hand by the yet-unidentified assassins.
"It appears to be a target killing as the assailants in masks shot him thrice. The Japanese gentleman died instantly," officer-in-charge of the local police station Rezaul Karim told PTI.
He said doctors declared him brought dead and body was taken to a state-run hospital in Rangpur.
"Koniyo was alone in the rickshaw. They wore masks. As he reached the scene (they) shot him in the chest, shoulder and hand and then immediately fled the scene on a motorbike," said an eyewitness.
A frequent visitor to Bangladesh, Koniyo had been in Rangpur for the past six months and was familiar in the neighbourhood because of his philanthropic work.
He had set up the farm, where he visited daily by a rickshaw, with help of a local businessman to grow grass for cattle.
Police detained the businessman, along with the rickshaw puller, Koniyo's landlord and another resident of the area, for questioning.
The Japanese national's murder came five days after 50-year-old Italian aid worker Cesare Tavella was killed when motorbike-born terrorists shot him dead in Dhaka's diplomatic Gulshan area.
Islamic State group claimed responsibility for the fatal attack on Tavella. But Bangladesh government then downplayed the claim, describing it as an "isolated incident".
Security officials, either, have not ruled out that the IS could be using "local sympathisers" to carry out such attacks.
Police, who have set up check posts to track down the
killers of Bangladesh-born Koniyo, are yet to identify any motive for the murder.
Today, Bangladesh government sought to allay security concerns of foreign nationals after the second killing in a week, saying it was taking both murders "very seriously".
"Whoever is involved with the killings will be identified and brought to book," Home Minister Asaduzzaman Khan Kamal said.
Bangladesh, a secular country with a predominantly Muslim population, has been struggling to curb the rise of violence by hardline Islamist groups. It has banned several groups that have been blamed for killing four bloggers, including an American citizen of Bangladesh origin, this year.

Australia, Britain and the US have issued advisories for their nationals intending to or on visit to Bangladesh, following the Italian aid worker's death.
The Australian cricket team has also postponed their planned Dhaka tour over security concerns.

------------------
Raipur: The recent abduction and killing of nearly half a dozen assistant constables, recruited as auxiliary personnel from among local tribal youth, by Maoists in Bastar region, has worried Chhattisgarh Police no end.

"It is a great cause of concern (that assistant constables are being targeted) for us. Assistant constables are basically son of soil, they belong to this area so its natural that they will attend marriage function(s) or other family functions under family pressure.
"So whenever they go and attend such things in civil dress and without weapons, they are being targeted," Inspector General of Police, Bastar Range, S RP Kalluri told PTI.
In the past two-and-half months, six assistant constables have been abducted from separate places of Bastar, out of which five were killed while one of them was released after being threatened with dire consequences if he continued to serve in police.
On July 14, four assistant constables were kidnapped by Naxals and killed next day in Kutru area of Bijapur district.
Similarly, another assistant constable who was abducted by Naxals on September 28, was found dead in Frasegarh area of Bijapur.
However, an assistant constable who was abducted in Sukma district in August was released later.
Besides, Naxals have been issuing warnings to assistant constables at several places of Bastar for helping police.
Ruling out that such kind of incidents may deter local tribals from serving in the force, Kalluri cautioned that it would be better if they avoid attending family functions and follow necessary precautions while venturing into jungles.
"Not at all (such incidents will not deter local youths from joining forces)... It would be better if they are more cautious, such (family) functions can be avoided," the IG added.
In fact, Naxals had targeted auxiliary personnel in their attacks earlier also.
In the biggest-ever strike by Maoists on auxiliary
personnel in Chhattisgarh, at least 55 police personnel, including 39 SPOs (special police officers) were killed in March 2007 when more than 300 heavily armed rebels stormed Rani Bodli police outpost in Bijapur region.
Notably, assistant constables, recruited to assist the police in anti-naxal operations, have been playing a major role in fight against Naxal menace in Chhattisgarh, which has been at the epicentre of continued Naxal violence in the past a decade.
"The assistant constables have been of great help to the security forces in tackling naxalism as they are not only well equipped with the topography of the area being locals but also share a good relations with tribals," a senior state police officer said on the condition of anonymity.

Moreover, they also have better intelligence network and help in drawing crucial details about movement and strategy of ultras, he said.
Naxals frequently target them in a bid to scare away the local people from actively joining police department, he added.

------------------
Panaji: Locals of Ramnathi in North Goa district where the Sanatan Sanstha is headquartered, have demanded a ban on the right-wing outfit and urged the state government to ensure that its ashram is shifted out of their village failing which they would intensify their agitation against them and their 'sadhaks' (seekers).

The villagers have given the state government a week's time to ban the Sanstha or shift the ashram at Ramnathi, saying that they would organise a rally and a public meeting at Ponda (taluka) bus stand if their demands are not met.
This is not the first time that the villagers have protested against the Sanstha based in Ramnathi in Ponda, known for a cluster of popular temples.
They had earlier done so after the 2009 bomb blasts when mastermind Gonda Patil and accomplice Yogesh Naik, both full-time members of the Sanstha, died while ferrying IEDs on their scooter to a Diwali gathering in Margao, located 35 km from Panaji.
Village sarpanch Shamila Lotlikar claimed that she has been approached by several locals with a demand that the ashram be shifted from Ramnathi following which she has appealed to the Chief Minister Laxmikant Parsekar to do so immediately.
Ramnathi Yuva Sangh President Saurabh Lotlikar also sought to free the village from the "menace of Sanstha" after its members came under the scanner for alleged involvement in the murder of veteran communist leader and rationalist Govind Pansare in Maharashtra.
Sameer Gaikwad, a full-time seeker of the Sanstha, has been arrested in the Pansare murder case.
The Special Investigating Team (SIT), probing the murder of Pansare, suspects role of two more Sanstha members Rudra Patil and Sarang Akolkar alias Kulkarni, who are absconding in connection with the 2009 blast, in the case.
Rudra along with Sarang have been declared absconders by National Investigation Agency (NIA) since the Goa blasts.
Pansare was shot along with his wife near his residence in Kolhapur in Maharashtra on February 16. He succumbed to injuries four days later in Mumbai. Last week, Chief Minister Laxmikant Parsekar had ruled out banning the Sanstha saying that just because there is suspicion on one person (Gaikwad) we cannot blame the organisation (Sanstha) which he is associated with. "It would be not be right to ban the entire organisation."

Parsekar's statement came after his own party legislator, Vishnu Wagh, had sought ban on Sanstha.
After Gaikwad's arrest, Congress and NCP too had demanded an immediate ban on the outfit.

------------------
Lahore: In a shocking incident, a father in Pakistan has allegedly killed his daughter just because she could not make a round roti.

According to a report in geo.tv, Khalid along with his son, Abu Zar, killed his 13-year daughter Aniqa in Azeem Park area.

The duo beat Aniqa so much that she fell unconscious. Later, they took her to a hospital on his older daughters insistence. However, Aniqa succumbed to injuries while en route to the hospital.
A report in newstribe.com said a CCTV footage showed that the father and his son then threw the daughter's body in front of a morgue.

------------------
Madrid:A Spanish couple accused of drugging and suffocating their 12-year-old daughter who they adopted in China went on trial on Tuesday in a case that has drawn the attention of Beijing.

Rosario Porto, a 46-year-old lawyer, and her ex-husband, 51-year-old journalist Alfonso Basterra, were charged with murder in October 2013, a month after the body of their daughter was found in a wood near the northwestern city of Santiago de Compostela.
Porto had told police that the girl, Asunta Yong Fang Basterra Porto, had gone missing after she was left alone at her apartment in Santiago.
A Chinese foreign ministry spokesman said at the time that Beijing was "highly concerned about the case" and urged Spain "to launch an investigation at once".
He also called on Spanish authorities to "hold the perpetrators to justice and take concrete measures to ensure the safety as well as the legitimate rights and interests of adopted Chinese children".
The judge investigating the case accused the couple in a summary judgement of having drugged Asunta with the sedative Orfidal for three months before asphyxiating her on September 21, 2013.
He wrote in the summary that Basterra "administered to the child a toxic dose of Orfidal" at his home on that date, "to deprive her of all will and defence and presumably to ease the action of asphyxiation, in a plan agreed with Rosario".
Porto, a Spanish citizen who acted as French honorary consul in Galicia from 1996-2006, and Basterra have both denied having killed Asunta, who they adopted in China when she was still a baby.
At the time of the girl`s death, the couple were separated but were raising their adopted daughter together.
Their trial began at a court in Santiago with the closed door selection of the nine members of the jury.
The accused couple will start being questioned in court on Thursday.

The court has called 84 witnesses and 60 experts to testify.
The trial is scheduled to last until October 21. If found guilty the couple face a prison sentence of up to 20 years.

------------------
Islamabad:A key suspect in the killing of a Pakistani provincial minister has been arrested by the counter-terrorism department (CTD), a media report said on Tuesday.

The suspect, identified as Muhammad Qasim, is a resident of Punjab province`s Attock city.
The outlawed Tehreek-e-Taliban Pakistan Qari Sohail group was involved in the suicide attack on Punjab home minister Shuja Khanzada, Geo Tv quoted a spokesman for the CTD as saying.

According to the CTD spokesman, Qari Sohail used Qasim Muawia, Amjad Fayaz, Sadaqat and Saddam as suicide bombers.
Khanzada and 19 other people were killed on August 16 in an attack on his office in Attock district.

------------------
Islamabad: Pakistan on Tuesday executed a man who was reportedly a minor when he was arrested for murder, the latest case that has put the country's justice system in spotlight and drew criticism from rights groups.

Ansar Iqbal was hanged at the District Jail of Sargodha city in eastern province of Punjab.
A police official said that his body has been handed over to relatives for burial.
Iqabal was arrested in 1994 and charged with murder. Police determined that he was in early 20s which the court accepted and tried him as an adult.
The UK-based Reprieve rights group disputed it and said that two documents presented during the trial showed him as 15-year-old at the time of arrest.
The groups yesterday asked President Mamnoon Hussain to intervene to "prevent this tragedy".
"He (the President) must not ignore the law and the evidence any longer," it said in a statement.
It is not the first controversial hanging of a minor in Pakistan. Last month, Shafqat Hussain was executed despite serious concerns about his age. Hussain's lawyers had said that he was only 14-year-old at the time of murder he allegedly committed.
Pakistan does not allow the execution of a juvenile, but prosecutors argued Hussain was an adult at the time of the murder.

Pakistan has executed about 240 convicts since starting execution in December after militants attacked a school in Peshawar and killed about 150 people, mostly children.
There are over 8,000 death row prisoners in Pakistan, according to Interior Ministry.

------------------
Lahore: Pakistan on Tuesday hanged a man who said he was 15 when he was arrested for a murder he did not commit in the latest case to shine a spotlight on Pakistan`s haphazard justice system.

Ansar Iqbal had said he and a friend were arrested 16 years ago for the murder of a neighbour. The victim`s family said Iqbal killed the neighbour over an argument at a cricket match but Iqbal said police framed him by planting two guns at his house.
Iqbal was hanged in the morning in the central Pakistani city of Sargodha and his body had been handed over to his family, authorities said.
Pakistani law does not allow the execution of someone arrested as a juvenile. The court did not examine Iqbal`s school records and birth certificate which give his age at 14 and 15 respectively, saying the documents were submitted too late.
All the documentary evidence provided to the courts during his trial or appeal indicates that he was a child at the time of the alleged offence; however, the courts have chosen to believe the estimate of police officers that he was in his 20s, British legal aid group Reprieve said in a statement.
Pakistan brought back hanging in December as a way to crack down on militancy after Taliban gunmen killed more than 130 pupils at an army-run school.
But very few of the 240 people hanged since had any links to militancy.

Most, like Iqbal, were convicted of murder. Many of their families say they were falsely accused and too poor to get good lawyers.
Pakistan`s criminal justice system is widely considered corrupt. Police frequently ask for bribes and few are trained in preserving a crime scene or collecting evidence. Instead, they rely on easily manipulated oral statements. Accusations of torture are common.

------------------
Delhi: Former Delhi law ministerSomnath Bharti on late Monday night surrendered before Dwaraka Police Station after SC rejected his bail plea in connection with a domestic violence and attempt to murder case filed against him by his wife Lipika Mitra.


Soon afterBharti reached police station, while speaking to the media, the Aam Aadmi Party (AAP) MLA briefly said, "There was a warrant and today the Supreme Court directed me to surrender. So here I am. I was availing the legal remedies available to me as per the Constitution and not running away from law."  
"Supreme Court asked me to surrender, which is why I am surrendering," Bharti added on being asked why he did not turn up in frontof police earlier. 
He further said, "Constitution guarantees Indian citizens to avail all legal remedies."
Meanwhile, Bharti's lawyersaid that all allegations onBharti are baseless and added that the truth will come out soon.
"Somnath Bharti was avoiding arrest, not evading as he's innocent," he added.
OnBharti'stweet that he is going to reveal something soon in the said case, his lawyer said, You will see.
In Dwarka Police Station,cops formally arrested the former Delhi law minister shortly after he surrendered himself. Bharti was then taken to a hospital for medical check-up as it is a norm before police initiates it's interrogation process. 
The development comes shortly after Delhi Police sources were quoted as saying by ANI that absconding Bharti may surrender before the investigating officials before midnight.
Reacting to which, on microblogging website Twitter, Bharti had written: "This too shall pass and truth shall prevail."
This too shall pass and truth shall prevail.

Earlier in the day, soon after Somnath Bharti failed to get relief from the Supreme Court, AAP cornered its Malviya Nagar MLA asking him to surrender "immediately" to avoid "further embarassment" to the party and himself.
Bharti's wife Lipika Mitra had filed a complaint of domestic violence with Delhi Commission for Women on June 10 alleging that her husband had been abusing her since their marriage in 2010. She had also given a complaint to the police in this regard.

------------------
New Delhi:A 25-year-old man who had been a tenant of the family has been arrested for the Sarai Rohilla triple murder of an elderly couple and their son, police said on Monday.

The accused has been identified as Mithlesh Mehto, who was a former tenant of the victims and had left his lodgings around two weeks before the crime, said DCP (North), Madhur Verma.
According to police, Mehto held a grudge against the elderly couple's son, 30-year-old Rakesh. Police said that Rakesh had asked Mehto for a loan and allegedly thrashed him after being refused.
Mehto had left the room after that incident and went to his native village, Khagaria, in Bihar, police said, adding that he returned to Delhi on September 22 to avenge the attack by Rakesh and went to his house the next night pretending to have come for reconciliation.
During their meeting, Mehto allegedly offered Rakesh a soft drink laced with a sedative. Once Rakesh dozed off, Mehto tied his limbs with a nylon rope and allegedly slit his throat.
He then went downstairs, where Rakesh's parents lived, and allegedly slit the throats of the couple, who had slept by then, with a knife. He also ransacked the room and allegedly fled with some jewellery and mobile phones that belonged to the elderly couple.

However, he was spotted by two neighbours while arriving and leaving the premises, police said.
After carrying out his alleged crime, Mehto went back to his village, they added.

------------------
New Delhi: A man "romantically involved" with a 30-year-old widow has been awarded life term for killing a married person, who was in relation with her, by a Delhi court which also jailed the woman for five years.

Additional Sessions judge Reetesh Singh gave life term to 30-year-old Brij Mohan after convicting him for offences under section 302 (murder) of the IPC, while convict Nisha Pandey was held guilty, along with Mohan, for various offences including destruction of evidence and criminal conspiracy.
Besides the jail term, the court imposed fine of Rs one lakh and Rs 65,000 on Mohan and Nisha, respectively.
The court held that even though the police has been able to prove that both the convicts were "romantically involved" with each other, there was no admissible or clinching evidence on record to prove existence of a conspiracy between them to eliminate 47-year-old Joginder Singh.
According to police, Mohan was in love with Nisha who at the same time was in a relationship with Singh. It said Mohan could not tolerate the fact that she was in a relationship with Singh and planned to eliminate him.
They both decided to lure Singh to a guest house at Lajpat Nagar here in February 2008 and as per plan, she did not come there, the police said, adding that in the meantime Mohan made Singh consume excessive alcohol.
After Singh got drunk, Mohan attacked him with a knife and iron rod which led to his death, it said.
Mohan then sprinkled alcohol on bed and mattresses in the room, set it on fire and left the place with Singh's personal belongings, it said.
During the investigation, Singh's burnt body was found in the room and after the police analysed the call record of the deceased, it apprehended Mohan.
The police said during Mohan's interrogation, they came to know about Nisha's role after which she was arrested.
During the trial, both the accused had denied all the allegations leveled against them and had claimed that they were falsely implicated.
The court, in its verdict, said, "In the present case the prosecution has been able to prove beyond reasonable doubt from other circumstantial evidence that it was Brij Mohan who had committed the murder."

It said prosecution had proved that personal belongings of Singh had been taken away by Mohan and they were found in his possession. The court also said it was proved that both Mohan and Nisha were in a relationship with each other.
It awarded a compensation of Rs 12.80 lakh to the kin of the deceased and referred the matter of paying compensation for consideration to the Delhi State Legal Service Committee, while observing that both the convicts were reported to be not having financial resources to pay the amount.

------------------


Islmabad: Pakistani authorities are set to hang a man who says he was 15 when he was arrested for a murder he claims he did not commit, lawyers said on Saturday, in the latest case to shine a spotlight on Pakistan`s crumbling criminal justice system.
Ansar Iqbal says he was 15 when he and a friend were arrested 16 years ago for the murder of neighbour, which the victim`s family said was over an argument at a cricket match. Iqbal says police framed him because he was poor by planting two guns at his house.
Pakistani law forbids the execution of juveniles, but the country`s courts have refused to examine Iqbal`s school records and birth certificate because they say they were submitted too late, said Maya Foa of British legal aid group Reprieve.
His old school record and a new birth certificate issued this year give his age as 14 and 15 respectively. Record keeping in Pakistan is poor and records are easily forged.
Instead, the court concluded he was in his early 20s based on a policeman`s estimate at the time of his arrest, Foa said. Iqbal`s friend was tried as a juvenile.
"The onus has to be on the government and prosecution to prove that the individual facing the gallows is not a juvenile if all the available evidence points otherwise," she said.
"Otherwise it puts the defendant in an impossible position."
Iqbal`s lawyer, Munir Basit, confirmed his client had been tried as an adult and had been notified he was to hang at Sargodha jail next week.
"He has received his black warrant in the concerned jail," Basit said.
Court and prosecution officials were not available for comment.
Pakistan brought back hanging in December as a way to crack down on militancy after Taliban gunmen massacred more than 130 pupils at an army-run school.
But very few of the 240 people hanged have any links to militancy. Most, like Iqbal, were convicted of murder. Many of their families say they were falsely accused and too poor to get good lawyers. Few, if any, wealthy convicts have been hanged.

Pakistan`s criminal justice system is widely considered corrupt. Police frequently ask for bribes and few are trained in preserving a crime scene or collecting evidence. Instead, they rely on easily manipulated oral statements. Accusations of torture are common.
Unskilled, poorly paid court-appointed lawyers often fail to examine witnesses or do not turn up for hearings, and tales of judges who ask for bribes are common.

------------------
Bangalore: The Ganapati Visarjan festivities in Gulbarga district here turned out to be a watery grave for Mallikarjun, an employee of a private firm.

Initially, the cops fished out his body thinking that he had drowned during the immersion. But, a mobile footage, which captured the whole scene, shows how Mallikarjun was drowned to death by a group of three to four men. Unfortunately, the incident took place in front of thousands of people who were present at the pond, but were unknown about the murder being carried out.
Meanwhile, the Gulbarga Police have initiated a probe into the matter and lodged an FIR against unknown people.
The motive behind the crime is not known yet.

Watch the video here (Courtesy: YouTube):


------------------
Hyderabad: A youth who was kidnapped for ransom here was found murdered, police said on Thursday.

The body of Rakesh Reddy, 28, was found in a building in Jawaharnagar near ECIL on the outskirts of the capital in the early hours of Thursday.
The man was kidnapped on Wednesday when he was on his way from his house in Nagaram to Shameerpet to attend a function.
His father received a text message stating that they had been trying to kidnap his daughter for a month but got his son. The kidnappers later sent another text message demanding a ransom of Rs 8 lakh by 9 pm.
Rakesh Reddy's father Bal Reddy replied saying he could not afford the huge amount. He later informed police about the abduction and the messages he received on his mobile.
The youth had recently completed B TechBal Reddy is a retired employee of Singareni Collieries and hails from Karimnagar district of Telangana.

Mystery shrouds the circumstances in which the body was found. It was Rakesh's brother-in-law who traced the body and alerted police.
Police are trying to find out if the kidnappers were relatives or friends of the victim. Rakesh's friend was reportedly staying in the building where the body was found in a pool of blood.

------------------
Palghar: A Virar housewife and her boyfriend were booked for allegedly strangulating her husband to death and dumping his body in the bushes, a police official said here on Wednesday.

Police inspector SB Mane of the Virar police station told PTI that her husband Rajesh N Chowdhari had opposed her affair with her boyfriend.
Allegedly, the housewife and her boyfriend hatched a conspiracy after which they strangulated the husband to death before 9 am on September 22, 2015, the police official said.
His body was found dumped in Kumbharpada, which is between between Virar station and Virar Phata, the police official said.
The police official said that the man and his wife used to frequently quarrel about her affair.

However, the woman lodged a missing complaint about her husband's 'disappearance' with the police in a bid to mislead it and conceal her crime, the police official said.
The housewife and her boyfriend have been booked under Section 302, Section 201, Section 109 and Section 120(B), read with Section 34 of the Indian Penal Code, though no arrests have been made so far, the police official said, adding that further investigations are on. 

------------------
Kolhapur: Looking for possible links, Karnataka Police, probing the murder case of Kannada scholar MM Kalburgi, Tuesday questioned Sanatan Sanstha activist Samir Gaikwad arrested in connection with the murder of Communist leader and rationalist Govind Pansare here.

Superintendent of Police of Karnataka CID S Rajappa along with other officials grilled Gaikwad in connection with the Kalbugi murder murder case, an official of Special Investigation Team (SIT) said.
Yesterday, another senior officer of Karnataka CID conducted some preliminary enquiries here regarding the possible links the hardline outfit with murder of Kalburgi, he said.
Gaikwad was arrested from Sangli on September 16 in connection with Pansare's murder by the SIT of Maharashtra Police probing the case.
"Gaikwad could be handed over to Karnataka Police as per decision of the local court," the official said, adding Gaikwad's police custody ends tomorrow.
"Police have also launched a manhunt for Pravin Limkar, a suspect in 2009 Madgoan blast case, along with Rudra Patil and Sarang Kulkarni (also suspected accused in Madgaon blast case)," a police officer said on condition of anonymity.
The official added that police are also probing the role of a woman who had attended a meeting in January in Sankeshwar, Karnataka, where the plan to murder Pansare was suspected to have been hatched.

82-year-old Pansare and his wife Uma were shot at by two motorcycle-borne youths on February 16 near their home here. Pansare died four days later at the Breach Candy Hospital in Mumbai while his wife survived the attack, suffering injuries that crippled her.
Kalburgi, who often courted controversies with his outspoken stand on various issues including idol worship, was shot dead at point-blank range by two unidentified men at his residence in Dharwad on August 30. 

------------------
New Delhi: The Delhi Police on Tuesday arrived at Somnath Bharti's residence, some time after the Delhi High Court declined to grant anticipatory bail to the Aam Aadmi Party leader in a domestic violence and attempt to murder case lodged by his wife.


The AAP MLA, who faces arrest, was not found at home.
"A team of Delhi Police officers raided his house in Malviya Nagar and his office but he was found absconding from both places," Joint Commissioner of Police Deependra Pathak told IANS.
"We need to arrest Bharti to interrogate him in a case of domestic violence and attempt to murder filed by his wife," he said.
The high court had on September 17 reserved its verdict while protecting Bharti from arrest till pronouncement of its order.
The court had also pulled the MLA for going to the police station at late night, saying, "If he loves going to police station, then I will send him from here....Once you (Bharti) get relief, you act like a lion and go here and there."
Bharti had moved the high court seeking protection from arrest after a trial court denied him anticipatory bail and another court issued a non-bailable warrant against him.
Bharti's plea for anticipatory bail was rejected by trial court observing that it was the second complaint filed against the MLA by his wife Lipika Mitra, who has alleged that he did not mend his conduct despite assurance before Crime Against Women Cell of the police.
The district court had also rejected the MLA's contention that attempt to murder charge was not made out, while referring to an allegation in the FIR that Bharti tried to strangulate his wife and unleashed his dog on her knowing that she was seven months pregnant.
Lipika had filed a complaint of domestic violence with Delhi Commission for Women on June 10 alleging that her husband had been abusing her since their marriage in 2010. She had also given a complaint to the police in this regard.

The Delhi Police then registered an FIR against Bharti under sections 307 (attempt to murder), 498A (cruelty towards wife), 324 (voluntarily causing hurt by dangerous weapon), 406 (criminal breach of trust), 313 read with 511 (attempt to cause miscarriage without woman's consent), 420 (cheating) and 506 (criminal intimidation) of IPC.
(With PTI inputs)

------------------
Kottayam: Two days after a Kerala nun was found lying in a pool of blood in her room on Thursday, police claimed to have unearthed vital leads about her murder.

Speaking to reporters after visiting the convent where Sister Amala was murdered,
Additional Director General of Police K Padmakumar, following a meeting of the probe team, said they have made a breakthrough in the case.
"We have managed to go forward and since it would hamper further probe we are unable to reveal more on the vital leads that we have gathered," said Padmakumar.
Police claim they have been able to identify that this has been done by someone who had the knowledge of the convent.
Meanwhile, Sister Amala`s last rites were conducted near here by the church authorities led by bishops, priests, nuns and attended by the civil society besides leading politicians on Saturday morning.

Sister Amala, a retired nurse, was suffering from fever and was confined to her room. On Thursday morning, she was found lying in a pool of blood.
The post-mortem revealed that she was hit with a strong object on her head that led to her death.

------------------
Sitapur: A 'gang-rape victim' and her family members have locked themselves in their house here after the accused persons allegedly threatened to "eliminate" them if they did not withdraw the case against them.

"I have recorded my statement that I was raped by Kundan, Sunil and Baboo. Now they are threatening to kill the entire family," the victim said.
The victim's mother also alleged that they were being threatened by the accused.
"They (the accused) came to our place and openly threatened that they will go to jail only after killing the family. They are pressurising us to withdraw the case. We are not leaving our house," she said.
She said that they have closed all the doors and panels of their house with bricks.
A villager said that the family members come out only when someone from the neighbourhood calls them.
"The police came only once and since then it has not visited this place even once," he alleged.

The 17-year-old girl was allegedly gangraped by the three accused on August 28 when she had gone out with her sister-in-law.
Later, an FIR was lodged at Manpur village in this connection on September 1. 

------------------
New Delhi: A six-year-old boy was allegedly murdered and then his body hanged from a tree, after suspected sexual assault, at a secluded spot in south Delhi's Dhaula Kuan area, police said on Wednesday.

The boy went missing yesterday evening and a case of abduction was registered at the South Campus police station, said a senior police officer.
According to the police, the incident came to light around 11.45 AM today when a passer-by saw the semi-nude body of the boy hanging from a tree and called up the police control room.
The limbs of the body were also found to be tied with a rope. A police team rushed the boy to hospital, where he was declared brought dead.
Investigation was taken up and the first task was to ascertain the identity of the boy. A message was sent to all police stations and it emerged that a boy of similar age was reported missing from a slum cluster in Delhi University's south campus area last evening. The parents of the missing boy later identified the body.
From preliminary investigation, it appears that the boy was allegedly strangulated in the wee hours of the day, after a suspected sexual assault suggested by the condition of the clothes and other vital evidences, and then hanged from the tree with the help of a rope, said the senior officer.

The body has been sent for post-mortem examination and the report shall bring to fore the time and cause of death, and also whether the boy was sexually assaulted, said the officer.
The case was later transferred from South West district of Delhi Police -- which covers the area where the body was found -- to South district, where the abduction case was already registered and other relevant sections were added to the existing FIR, said the officer.

------------------
New Delhi: Aam Aadmi Party (AAP) MLA Somnath Bharti on Wednesday rubbished the domestic violence case filed against him by his wife Lipika Mitra, saying he has audio and documentary evidence that would reveal the actual truth.

"The allegation of attempt to murder has been put on me by the lady, who says `sweet heart when you will come home, I will take care of you` in an SMS. This SMS was sent to me by her (Lipika Mitra) on February 25, 2015. Can you imagine a wife calling her husband in such a way who is trying to murder her?" asked Bharti.
"I have audio and documentary evidence which will bring out the truth and prove that all the allegations against me are false," he added.
Bharti further said that he was not hiding and was only attempting to save himself from the Delhi Police that was acting on the orders of the Centre.
"The police, interrogating my legal clients and supporters, have even admitted that they have come on the orders of the Union Home Ministry. I even heard that the ATS (Anti-Terrorist Squad) came looking for me. Do you think I am a terrorist? " Bharti added.

The AAP MLA has been served with a non-bailable warrant for domestic violence and an attempt to murder by his wife.

------------------
Washington:US authorities arrested a 15-year-old last month for allegedly plotting an Islamic State-inspired attack that US media said had Pope Francis as its target.

Francis is scheduled to visit the United States September 22-27 for the first time, in a tour culminating with an outdoor mass in Philadelphia after stops in Washington and New York.
The US Department of Homeland Security and the FBI disclosed the unidentified 15-year-old's arrest in a joint intelligence bulletin August 14, without mentioning that the pope was the target.
"The minor was inspired by ISIL and sought to conduct a detailed homeland attack which included multiple attackers, firearms, and multiple explosives, targeting a foreign dignitary at a high-profile event.
"The minor obtained explosives instructions and further disseminated these instructions through social media," it said.
ABC News cited unnamed sources as saying the "foreign dignitary" referred to in the statement was Pope Francis, and that the boy was arrested near Philadelphia.
ISIL is an alternate acronym for the Islamic State, the extremist group engaged in atrocity-filled campaigns to establish a "caliphate" in Syria and Iraq.
The papal visit poses enormous security challenges for US authorities tasked with protecting a religious leader known for his popular touch and love of crowds.
In Philadelphia, two million people are expected to turn out for an open air Sunday mass outside the Philadelphia Museum of Art, at the close of an event billed by the Vatican as a World Meeting of Families.
Michael McCaul, chairman of the House Committee on Homeland Security, said Sunday that US authorities had broken up a threat against the pope, but gave no details.
"We're monitoring very closely threats against the pope as he comes into the United States. We have disrupted one particular case," McCaul told ABC's 'This Week' show.
The joint FBI-Homeland Security statement cited the case of the 15-year-old as an example of how "some youth are vulnerable to messaging from ISIL."

But ABC said its sources had said the boy did not pose an imminent threat, his plans were "aspirational" and there were questions about his mental health.
Nevertheless, he was charged with attempting to provide material support to a designated foreign terrorist organization, namely IS, the government said.

------------------
Madrid:A man in Spain admitted killing a US woman on a pilgrims` hiking trail as authorities Tuesday investigated the circumstances of the killing, officials said.

The 39-year-old man had pleaded his innocence but later admitted killing Denise Pikka Thiem, 41, from Arizona, after the judge received new evidence, a court statement released late Monday said.
"After a report by the forensic doctor he voluntarily changed his statement and admitted ending the life of the US pilgrim," the court said.
The judge in the northern town of Astorga ordered the suspect to be held in custody without bail on homicide charges and ordered police to gather further evidence.
Autopsy results showed that a body found partly hidden by branches was that of Thiem, it added.
Police arrested the man on Saturday after five months of investigations.
Thiem disappeared in April while walking the Camino de Santiago or Way of Saint James, a popular pilgrim trail in northwestern Spain.

Hundreds of thousands of tourists and Roman Catholic pilgrims hike the trail each year, staying at hostels on their way to the cathedral city of Santiago de Compostela and the shrine of St. James.
The court said it denied the man bail because of the seriousness of the alleged crime and "to prevent him trying to destroy evidence and committing similar deeds, considering that he was already suspected of attacks against other victims".

------------------
Cuttack:Self-professed godman Alok Bisoi was on Monday taken in two days' police custody in Cuttack.

Bisoi alias Anandatma Baba was arrested by police in Salepur locality yesterday on murder charges after the charred body of a 40-year-old youth was recovered from his Rameswar Ashram, about 20 km from here on Saturday afternoon.
A police official said the godman was quizzed by a team of sleuths inside the police station in presence of two other inmates of the Ashram in the afternoon after he was taken on police remand from the local sub-jail.

The sleuths are also examining Bisoi in connection with two other cases, including one FIR filed by his wife in a police station in nearby Kendrapara district alleging torture and domestic violence against the godman, the official said.
Soon after the news of the murder spread, a mob from the locality barged into the Ashram and vandalised the properties and set some parked vehicles on fire.

------------------
New Delhi:A Delhi court has awarded eight years jail term to a 20-year-old youth for raping and trying to kill a physically-challenged woman, saying that dignity of the victim has been "shredded" by his act.

"Her dignity is shredded. The social stigma attached to this crime is such that many a times, a crime would go unreported by the victim," Additional Sessions Judge Sanjiv Jain said.
The judge further said convict Amar Kumar Pandey, a Bihar resident, has committed the "vile act of rape" upon the woman who was physically challenged and attempted to kill her when she insisted him to marry her.
The court said the convict did not want to marry the woman who was physically disabled and simply wanted to have sexual relations by making false promise to marry her.
The court also rejected Pandey's leniency plea saying he was only 20 years old and has a family to support.
"It is true that the convict is aged about 20 years and has a family to support but on the other hand we must see the plight of the prosecutrix, who was subjected to rape, which is universally considered to be amongst the most morally and physically, reprehensible crime in society and assault on the body, mind, privacy and the entire fabric of the victim," the court said.
The court awarded seven years of rigorous imprisonment for the offence punishable under section 376 (rape) of IPC and eights years for offence punishable under section 307 (attempt to murder) of IPC.
It imposed a fine of Rs 35,000 on Pandey and recommended that Delhi Legal Service Authority should award appropriate compensation to the victim.

The court had on August 27, convicted Pandey saying the prosecution has successfully proved its case against him for the offences of rape and attempt to murder.
According to the prosecution, a physically challenged woman was found in a drain at a jungle in Govind Puri here in an injured condition in September 2013.
She was taken to All India Institute of Medical Sciences (AIIMS) where she said in her statement that she was raped by Pandey and when she insisted for marriage, he had attacked her with a knife.

------------------
Mau/Sitapur (UP):TI) Two persons have been arrested while one surrendered today in the court in connection with murder of two rape victims in Mau and Sitapur district of the state, police said.

In Mau, FIR has been registered against seven persons including B K Singh, his son Jaywardhan Singh, Ranjit Singh, Mathura Rajbhar, Nagina Singh and Akash Singh and one unnamed, police said.
Nagina Singh today surrendered in the court and was sent to jail on 14 days judicial custody,
IG zone, Varanasi Amrendra Sengar said that all the accused will be arrested soon.
An 18-year-old rape victim was shot dead by motorcycle- borne youths yesterday at Baijapur village in Mau district, two days before she was to appear in a court as witness in her case.
The girl, accompanied by her brother, was going to visit a doctor. She died on the spot, they said.
The girl was raped on June 6, 2011, allegedly by B K Singh, manager of a college, the police said. The case was being heard in the local court. The victim?s family members alleged that she was killed on the directions of the rape accused, they said.
In Sitapur district, main accused Pradeep and Bhagwati were arrested in connection with the murder of a 23-year-old woman in Mahmudpur village.
"Pradeep and Bhagwati have been arrested. While one accused is it at large," Station Officer, Maholi, Rang Bahadur said.
The woman was shot dead allegedly by the man against whom she had lodged a complaint of rape last year.

The accused Pradeep had come out of jail about two months back and was pressuring the woman to withdraw her complaint, the police said.
Yesterday's twin attacks were condemned by Opposition Congress which slammed the SP government for the "increasing lawlessness" in the state.

------------------
Mau (UP):An 18-year-old rape victim was on Sunday shot dead allegedly by bike-borne youths in Baijapur village in Dakshintola area, two days before she had to appear in a court as witness in the case, police said.

The incident occurred when the girl along with her brother was going to visit a doctor, and died of bullet injuries on the spot, they said.
The girl was allegedly raped on June 6, 2011 by one B K Singh, Manager of a college, police said, adding the case was going on in the local court, where she had to appear as witness after two days.

The victim's family members have alleged that she was killed upon the directions of the rape accused, they said.
Police is trying to workout the case and the guilty will not be spared, Additional Superintendent of Police Sunil Kumar Singh said.

------------------
New Delhi:Two persons were arrested for allegedly killing a 34-year-old city techie two days ago in south Delhi's Safdarjung Enclave area.

Vikas, 27, and Rajesh alias Bengali, 27, residents of Indira Camp slum pocket in Safdarjung Enclave, were arrested last night, a police official said today.
Besides the duo, police also arrested Mukesh, 22, whom Vikas and Rajesh had sold the robbed cell phone of the deceased, Amit Virmani.
Virmani was attacked with a sharp-edged weapon on his lower abdomen on Thursday night when he was heading towards AIIMS metro station to catch train for home.
Following the incident, a team of policemen was formed to probe the matter.
On receiving a tip-off that Rajesh was trying to sell Virmani's cell phone at a cheap price, police laid a trap and arrested them.
"When questioned, Rajesh disclosed he and Vikas had attacked Virmani in a bid to loot valuables. When Virmani opposed, they attacked him with a sharp edged weapon and fled," the official added.

Virmani worked as a senior executive with digital cable TV and broadband internet service provider 'Hathway'.
He was taken to AIIMS Trauma Center where doctors declared him dead on arrival.

------------------
Sitapur: A 23-year-old woman was today shot dead allegedly by a rape accused against whom she had lodged a complaint last year in Mahmudpur village here, police said.

The incident took place when the woman was going along with her husband on bicycle and the accused, Pradeep, shot her dead, police said.
Pradeep had come out of the jail about two months back and was pressurising the woman to withdraw the rape case she had lodged against him, they said.

The body has been sent for post-mortem, police said.
Efforts are on to nab the accused, they added.

------------------

------------------
Beijing: In a ghastly incident, a man has been arrested in China for allegedly murdering his girlfriend after a selfie he posted with her corpse went viral on social media.

The picture was captioned with the phrase 'please forgive my selfish love'.
The victim, identified only as Lin, is alleged to have been killed after a quarrel between the two turned violent, reported the Mirror.
The suspect Qin then clicked a selfie of himself next to Lin's dead face and posted the picture online alongside a previous picture of the couple enjoying each other's company.
Thousands of users in China picked up on the image and spread it around the Internet.

Police in Wuzhou, in South China's Guanxi province, launched a manhunt following the viral spread of the gruesome picture and arrested Qin nine hours later.
Authorities have refused to comment on the circumstances of Lin's death, the report said. PTI

------------------
Islamabad:A senior journalist was shot dead in an attack in Pakistan`s port city of Karachi on Wednesday, the media reported.

Aftab Alam was killed when unidentified assailants opened fire at him near his home in North Karachi, Dawn online reported.
Alam was shot in the head in the shooting that took place near Sir Syed market. Deputy Inspector General of Police Feroz Shah said three bullets were recovered from the site.
The Karachi Union of Journalists said Alam`s killing posed a question mark over the efficacy of the government and security agencies.
The union has demanded the immediate arrest of killers of both Alam and Arshad Ali Jafri, a media worker, killed on Tuesday in the port city.
Alam was earlier employed with Geo News and was unemployed since a year due to health issues.
Alam was shot hours after senior engineer Arshad Ali Jafri, who was also associated with Geo News, was gunned down in an attack on the channel`s van in Karachi`s Bahadurabad area.

Police remained clueless about the motive of Tuesday`s attack, but investigators said they were sure it was a murder attempt.
The Geo News management called it a `targeted attack` and said the assault apparently was meant to harass not only the channel`s staff but also the entire Pakistani media.

------------------
Bengaluru: As more lurid details emerge in the hoax phone call drama that delayed seven international flights, a report on Wednesday said accused Gokul Macher plotted to get his ex-girlfriend's husband Saju Jose's confession that he had visited sex workers.

The marketing manager, who was hell bent on marrying his friend's wife and whom he loved during college days, created an e-mail address and pretended to be a clergyman to get Jose's confession.
As per The Times of India, the two men, along with their families, resided in an apartment complex in HSR Layout in southeast Bengaluru.
Gokul, who also allegedly confessed he had murdered his wife here in July and made it appear like an accidental death, had shifted from New Delhi to Bengaluru in pursuit of his goal of marrying his friend's wife after locating them through social media.
He then planned to create rift between Jose and his wife.
Gokul impersonated a Thrissur bishop and sent e-mails to Jose, asking him to confess his sins.
It was after a few e-mails that Jose confessed to having visited sex workers in the absence of his wife.
According to the daily, Gokul then persuaded the techie that he would seek pardon from god for Jose's sins.
Gokul wrote, "Son, remove your clothes, kneel down before a camera, recite your prayers and confide your sin. Record the same and send it to me. The nude video should help me get the Lord to cleanse your body and sins."
Jose followed the priest's counsel and sent the video.
At the same time, Gokul had been e-mailing Jose's wife, pretending to be the bishop. "If Saju breaches your trust, how may he do it?" he wrote.
She replied: "It is impossible to imagine, but yes, he may complain saying I am not devoted to religion and god."
The fake bishop's reply: "See, you are an intelligent woman! The same opinion has made Jose look for extra marital affair! And this is truth! God feels he is not fit for you as husband. You separate from him. I strongly feel that there is another heart waiting for you."
Later, he sent her the video of her husband's confession.
Albeit these e-mails created an atmosphere of mistrust, yet the couple did not separate.
After his earlier efforts to drive a wedge between his friend and his wife fell flat, Gokul settled for the hoax call route.
Police are probing how Gokul could gain access to identity papers of his friend to obtain a SIM card and use it to send threat messages to Kempegowda International Airport and Delhi international airport in a bid to land him in trouble.
They were also inquiring into whether an insider in the friend's house could have helped Gokul get access to the ID papers.
Gokul and his friend's wife were classmate till 2007. He wanted to marry her but it did not materialise, police said.
Gokul shifted to New Delhi and fell in love and married Anuradha in 2009, but soon their relationship developed breaches as Gokul suspected she had an extra-marital affair.
He relocated himself along with his wife here on the pretext of ending the alleged extra-marital affair and lived in the same flat where his friend resided after tracing them through social media, police said.
Gokul had sent WhatsApp messages on September 05 after procuring a SIM based on the identity of his friend so that police would initiate a probe that would defame him and help him to get closer to his wife.
During questioning, Gokul also confessed that he had murdered his wife in July, police said. He had bought liquor which his wife had consumed and after a verbal argument regarding shifting back to Delhi, he pushed and assaulted her with a blunt weapon causing her death, according to police.
KIA terminal manager on duty had received messages on WhatssApp from a local mobile number, threatening to blast three flights with specific details besides the airport cargo section.
Before hatching these plots to defame his friend, police found that Gokul had murdered his wife.
Throwing more light on Gokul's plot to eliminate his wife, police said he informed his father-in-law about her alleged extra-marital affair. To prove his point, he created a fake e-mail ID in the name of one Baba, knowing well his wife was spiritually inclined.

Subsequently, Gokul created yet another e-mail address, posing as spiritual counsellor Aasha and sent a set of intsructions, asking his wife to consume liquor, which she complied with.
Gokul then took advantage of her inebriated condition, murdered her and made it appear an accidental death.

------------------
Islamabad:A police constable, who was the driver of slain Pakistani social activist Sabeen Mahmud and was a witness to her killing in April, was shot dead in Karachi city, police said.

The 48-year-old Ghulam Abbas was shot dead outside his home in Korangi area on Monday night, Dawn online quoted a police officer as saying.
Two men on a motorcycle opened fire at him and escaped. He suffered three bullet wounds and died on the spot, a senior police officer said, adding that the attackers had been identified by two witnesses and initial findings suggested that they had come to see him a few days ago.
Sabeen Mahmud, a social media campaigner and human rights activist, was shot dead on April 24 minutes after the end of an interactive discussion `Unsilencing Balochistan` she had organised at her social forum - T2F. It was attended by journalists and rights activists, including the founder leader of the Voice for Baloch Missing Persons, Abdul Qadeer Baloch.
In June, police claimed to have busted a gang of militants which had attacked a bus carrying members of the Ismaili community near Safoora Goth. The militants had also confessed to killing Mahmud because of "her views about Lal Masjid`s cleric Abdul Aziz, Valentine`s Day and Burqa (veil)."
The killing of her driver is a major setback to investigations into her murder, though police are not sure if the two killings are linked.
"Ghulam Abbas used to work as Sabeen Mahmud`s part-time driver. The witnesses insisted that the attackers knew him personally so we can`t reach any conclusion with authority about the motive behind the killing," the police official said.

But for investigator Raja Umer Khattab, it might be an attempt to eliminate the key witness who had identified the suspected killers in court during the trial of the case.
"At the time of the attack Sabeen Mahmud was driving the car with Ghulam Abbas sitting on the rare seat," he said, adding that it would not affect the case because Ghulam Abbas had already identified Sabeen`s killers and his role in the case was already closed.

------------------
Malda: West Bengal Police last night arrested a local Trinamool Congress leader on allegations of committing several murders and committing anti social activities.

Sarjen Sekh, TMC leader of the Kaliachok Block in West Bengal's Maldadistrict,was arrested by the district police from his house.

Police recovered one nine mm pistol, five rifles, 50 crude bombs and bomb-making materials from his house.
Malda Police said they are going to produce Sekh before a Malda court today.

------------------

------------------
Mumbai: Indrani Mukerjea's former husband Sanjeev Khanna, an accused in the sensational Sheena Bora murder case, will be produced before a local court on Tuesday.


Indrani and her former driver Shyamvar Rai were yesterday sent to judicial custody till September 21.
Khanna, who was taken to Kolkata to corroborate some crucial evidence in the case, was brought back to Mumbai last night, police said.
The three have been arrested on charges of murdering Sheena and disposing of the body at Pen forest in Maharashtra's Raigad district in April 2012.
According to police, Sheena was murdered on April 24, 2012.
Police claimed that they have recovered the shoes from Kolkata that were used by the accused when they went to dump the body in Pen forest.
Earlier, in a major breakthrough, police claimed that the DNA tests conducted by Forensic Science Laboratory (FSL) established that the skeletal remains found at Pen in 2012 were of Sheena. The FSL report was sent to police yesterday.
FSL officials said that the DNA extracted from the skeletal remains matched with that of Indrani and Sheena's brother Mikhail Bora.
Shyamvar Rai, who worked for Indrani as driver in 2012, had told the police during interrogation that he, along with Indrani and her former husband Sanjeev Khanna, had killed Sheena, burnt her body and dumped the remains in a forest off Pen-Khopoli highway from where police retrieved the samples.
The DNA extracted from Sheena's brother Mikhail's blood samples also matched with that of Indrani.
"The 15 markers from Indrani's DNA matched with corresponding markers from DNA extracted from the skeletal remains found in the forest, thereby giving a 100 percent match. It can be concluded that Indrani is the mother of the woman whose skeletal remains had been found," said an FSL official.
A paternity test, however, is yet to be conducted as the FSL said it has not yet received the blood samples of SiddharthaDas, who is said to be Sheena's father.
Mumbai Police Commissioner Rakesh Maria said late last night, "Our team had taken Khanna to Kolkata where he led us to a spot where we have recovered shoes used by the accused when they went to dump the body."
He said the police have also recovered part of Sheena's jewellery from Kolkata.

Maria also said a team has been specifically probing the financial dealings by the Mukerjeas.
Police have also extensively grilled Indrani's husband Peter Mukerjea, though he is not an accused in the case so far.

------------------
New Delhi: A 27-year-old man was found murdered at a roundabout in Ashoka Road here on Monday.

The deceased, identified as Santosh, was hit repeatedly with a large stone, leading to severe injuries on his skull. The identity of the accused has been ascertained, but he is yet to be tracked, said a police official.
According to the police, Santosh's body was discovered around 8.30 AM lying near a fountain at a park in the roundabout near Patel Chowk. He was a labourer and worked in nearby areas.
Yesterday night, Santosh had entered into a heated argument with a friend, which soon turned into a scuffle. The friend then allegedly picked up a stone and hit Santosh on his head several times.
When Santosh collapsed and turned motionless, the friend fled the scene leaving Santosh in a pool of blood. Both of them were reported to be in an inebriated state, said the police official.

A case under Section 302 (murder) of IPC has been registered at Parliament Street police station.
"We have identified the accused. A police team is trying to track him down," the official added.

------------------
Sambhal: An 18-year-old boy was shot dead allegedly by brother and brother-in-law of his lover in Hayatnagar area, police said here on Sunday.

Bullet riddled body of Vikas Saini was recovered near power house on Bahjoi road this morning, Station In-charge Room Singh Baghel said.
In their complaint, Vikas's family members stated that he was having an affair with a girl from Moradabad, Baghel said.

The victim's family alleged that the girl's brother Pinku and brother-in-law Ankush killed Vikas, police said.
On the basis of the complaint, an FIR has been lodged against Pinku and Ankush, police said, adding the matter is being investigated.

------------------

------------------

------------------
Raigad: Days after police here in Maharashtra admitted that no case was registered by them after the remains suspected to be of Sheena Bora were found from the murder site in forests near Pen in 2012, a report on Thursday said that a probe has revealed that the police were in the process of filing an FIR, until a senior cop interfered.

As per an inquiry, which was initiated into the alleged negligence of the Raigad police in the Sheena Bora murder case, a senior cop had asked his junior to tear off the FIR, reports a daily.
Mid-day says Suresh Mirage, who was the senior inspector in charge of Pen police station at that time, had stated in the station diary that the probe in the matter was being overseen by a senior official. However, the same senior official had later instructed the Pen police to not take any action after discovering Sheenas body. He even tore the FIR out before it could be registered completely, said the daily.
Besides mirage, the other cops who are being probed in the inquiry are - Pradeep Chavan (the then sub-divisional police officer of Pen), Sandep Dhande (the then sub-inspector) and Raosaheb Shinde, [the then superintendent of police (Raigad) and is now additional commissioner of police, Central region, Mumbai].
Raigad Superintendent of Police Mohammed Suvez Haque is conducting the inquiry into the lapse.
Shockingly, no crime offence, an accidental death report or a first information report (FIR) was lodged by the concerned police officials then.
On May 23, 2012, a local mango-seller had noticed a partially burnt human carcass and had informed the Pen police outpost.
A team of police officials and a doctor had visited the site and conducted a spot autopsy and collected samples of some portions of the body remnants.
These were later sent to Sir JJ Hospital in Mumbai for further analysis after a couple of days. Later, no report was received and no report was sought by police about that.
Police had carried out a 'panchnama' (initial observation) of the body and the inquest at the murder site and recorded statements of witnesses and made a diary entry, but no other subsequent procedures were followed.

Sheena Bora was killed on April 24, 2012 and her remains were discovered near the Pen forests on May 23, 2012.
Sheena's mother Indrani Mukherjea, her former husband Sanjeev Khanna and her driver Shyam Rai have been arrested in connection with the murder.

------------------

------------------

------------------
Kansas:A man who admitted in court to wanting to kill Jews was found guilty on Monday of murdering three people, including a teenage boy, outside two Jewish centres in Kansas last year.

A seven-man, five-woman jury took less than two hours to convict Frazier Glenn Cross, 74, on the three murders as well as on three counts of attempted murder for firing at other people during the same shooting spree in April 2014.
None of the three victims were Jewish.
Jurors will next decide if Cross should get the death penalty, as prosecutors are seeking. The penalty phase is set to begin on Tuesday.
Cross, who acted as his own attorney at trial, admitted the killings on the witness stand, and said he was motivated to kill Jews because he believes they have too much power and are destroying the white gentile race.
Prosecutors charged Cross with murdering Reat Underwood, 14, and Underwood`s grandfather, 69-year-old William Corporon, outside the Jewish Community Center of Greater Kansas City, as well as 53-year-old Terri LaManno, 53, outside a nearby Jewish retirement home. Both the facilities are located in Overland Park, Kansas, a suburb of the Kansas City metropolitan area.
Corporon and Underwood were shot at close range in the parking lot outside the Jewish community centre. Corporon had taken his grandson there to audition for a singing competition.
The shooter then drove to the nearby retirement home where he encountered LaManno, who was there to visit her mother.
Cross said he did not find out until days after the murders that none of his victims were Jewish. He expressed remorse only for killing the boy.
Cross, who is in a wheelchair and has sometimes used an oxygen tank due a lung illness, told jurors that he risked his life that day in April of last year to do something important for the cause of white people.
"Everything I did was for you, for your children, your grand children and for future generations of our people," Cross told the jury.

After the guilty verdict, Cross said he was a "little disappointed" about the outcome.
Family members for some of the victims were in the courtroom for the verdict but declined to comment.

------------------

------------------

------------------

------------------
Dharwad: Hundreds of people on Monday paid their last respects to the mortal remains of former vice-chancellor of Hampi University, MM Kalburgi, who was shot dead at his Kalyanagar residence yesterday by unidentified gunmen.

The preparations for funeral are underway which will take place later today.
Meanwhile, even after a day, the police is yet to make any headway in the case.
Kalburgi (77) was shot in his head after he opened the door of his house, Dharwad Police Commissioner Ravindra Prasad told PTI.
He was rushed to a hospital where he was declared dead, he said.
Kalburgi was a scholar, academic and researcher who had landed in controversy on several occasions for his remarks on religious, social and other issues.

He was also a recipient of Central and state Sahitya Academy awards.
(With Agency Inputs)

------------------
Mumbai: The Mumbai Police has detained the contract killer, who was hired by Indrani Mukerjea to eliminate her son Mikhail Bora.


The Times of India on Monday quoted a high-ranking bureaucrat as saying that Indrani or her associate had paid Rs 2.5 lakh to a contract killer. "Our information is that the plan failed to take off. We have detained the contract killer. He has admitted that he was hired by Indrani to eliminate Mikhail," he said.
Indrani, accused of killing her daughter Sheena Bora, had hired the Mumbai-based contract killer in August 2014. It was her fourth attempt to kill Mikhail, added the daily.
Notably, Guwahati-based Mikhail had earlier told police that Indrani tried to kill him thrice.
Indrani had allegedly visited Guwahati twice and tried to drug Mikhail before Sheena's murder on April 24, 2012.
Mikhail had also said that just hours before Indrani and her ex-husband Sanjeev Khanna met Sheena on April 24, 2012 and took her for what would be the last drive of her life, Indrani allegedly drugged him but he managed to escape from the spot and averted becoming the second murder victim.
There were reports that Indrani had sought help of a psychiatrist to get Mikhail labelled as a mental patient, but there was no independent confirmation from police so far.
"The contract killer's statement will be recorded as early as possible and he will be interrogated by the Khar police, in the presence of Indrani and her ex-husband Sanjeev Khanna," the bureaucrat said.
The sensational Sheena Bora murder case took another turn today when police seized a suitcase that was purportedly meant for packing the body of her brother, whom Indrani Mukherjea had allegedly planned to kill.

The seizure of the suitcase from residential premises of Indrani and Peter Mukerjea in Mumbai's Worli area apparently lends credence to Mikhail's claim about his mother's plan to kill him and pack his body parts but there was no police confirmation of this theory.

------------------
Mumbai: As investigators continued to probe different angles in Sheena Bora murder case, Indrani Mukerjea has admitted that she "hated" her daughter but added that she could not kill her.

With claims and counter-claims and new leads emerging in the investigation, the exact motive behind the Sheena Bora murder case remains shrouded in confusion.
Meanwhile, Indrani has also admitted that she and her daughter were locked in a financial dispute. However, the former CEO of INX Media and wife of Star India ex-CEO Peter Mukerjea has not confessed to killing the 24-year-old.
During the interrogation at the Khar Police Station,Indrani told the police that Sheena reminded her of the torture she had undergone in the past. She said that both she and Sheena never got along and most of their conversations would end up in fights.
Indranialso added that she had transferred a huge amount of money in Sheena's account but when she asked for it back, her daughter refused to return it.
Indrani also claimed that Sheena always threatened to reveal her secrets before Peter. She added that she wanted to separate Rahul and Sheena.
During the course of the grilling, Indrani, her driver Shyam Rai and ex-husband Sanjeev Khanna blamed each other for the crime.
The car in which Sheena Bora was allegedly killed has also been traced, even as questions cropped up about a cover-up by police in not registering a case of murder or accidental death three years back when a partially-burnt body, believed to be hers, was found.
As the investigation focused on forensic examination of the skeletal remains found in Pen tehsil of Raigad, the police also admitted that no due procedure was followed when the body was first found on May 23, 2012.
Though Sheena, daughter of high-profile media professional Indrani Mukerjea, was allegedly murdered in 2012 and the body disposed of in Raigad district, the crime came to light only recently.

According to Mumbai Police Commissioner Rakesh Maria, who is personally involved in the grilling of the accused, Khanna had confessed to his complicity in the murder.
(With PTI inputs)

------------------
Mumbai: The Mumbai Police will on Monday produce Indrani Mukerjea, her ex-husband Sanjeev Khanna and driver Shyam Rai before the Bandra magistrate's court as the police remand of the trio ends today.

The police will seek further remand of the accused.
The sensational Sheena Bora murder case took another turn yesterday when police seized a suitcase that was purportedly meant for packing the body of her brother, whom Indrani Mukerjea had allegedly planned to kill.
Officials were tightlipped about the progress in the probe amidst reports that Indrani and her former husband Sanjeev Khanna had been making contradictory claims about who killed her daughter Sheena three years ago.
The new twist in the probe came when Sheena's brother Mikhail claimed that their mother Indrani had planned to kill him also on April 23, 2012, when she had given him a spiked drink.
The same day Sheena was allegedly killed by Indrani and Khanna in a car with the help of driver Shyam Rai. The three had carried the body and disposed it in Pen tehsil in Raigad district the next day.

The seizure of the suitcase from residential premises of Indrani and Peter Mukerjea in Mumbai's Worli area apparently lends credence to Mikhail's claim about his mother's plan to kill him and pack his body parts but there was no police confirmation of this theory.
(With PTI inputs)

------------------
Mumbai: In another twist to the Sheena Bora murder case, theMumbai Police will slap fresh charges of attempt to murder against Indrani Mukerjea, her second husband Sanjeev Khanna and the driver for allegedly trying to kill Mikhail Bora, the brother of the deceased.

Officials in the investigating team, speaking on condition of anonymity, said that the Indrani and Khanna had called Mikhail to Mumbai in the last week of April in 2012 and kept him at a hotel at Worli.
They said that Mukerjea and Khanna had called him to Mumbai for settling some family issues and served him some soft drinks in a hotel which was laced with sleeping medicines.
Leaving him at the hotel, Mukerjea, Khanna and driver Shyam Rai allegedly murdered Sheena on April 24, the officials said, adding that when the trio returned, Mikhail had fled.

Mikhail said he had regained consciousness and fled the hotel and left Mumbai for Guwahati.
The Mumbai Police will produce Indrani and Khanna in court on Monday seeking extension of their custody. Police will seek further remand of the duo to probe the fresh charge of attempt to murder against them.

------------------

------------------

------------------
Bathinda: Senior Congress leader Amarinder Singh, along with some party legislators, today held a protest against the slapping of attempt to murder case on five party workers following a clash with police.

Amarinder alleged that the "false" case was registered against the Congress men at the behest of Akali leaders.
"Let me make it clear once again that we will not only hold you accountable, we will ensure that you will also regret and repent what you did to our people," he said, addressing a dharna organised by PCC vice president Gurpreet Singh Kangar.
Five persons were booked under attempt to murder charges on August 17, after a clash had taken place with police at Dialpura Bhaika village near Rampura on August 16. Five persons from Dialpura and Maluka and three policemen were injured in the clash.
Amarinder warned the local MLA and minister Sikander Singh Malukha who, he said, had crossed all the limits in abusing his power.
Amarinder also met Ranjit Kaur, the mother of Jagsir Singh Jagga, who has been allegedly falsely implicated in a criminal case by the police at the behest of Maluka.
He said, he will ensure that justice was done and no person was falsely implicated.
The former Chief Minister also cautioned the police officials who, he said, are blindly committing excesses against the Congress workers at the behest of Akalis, and asked them not succumb to the political pressure.
"Let me warn you that you will be held accountable for all your sins of omission and commission," he said.

Responding to the demands of the local leaders to ensure justice, Amarinder said, "...Let me reiterate it here today that every police official of any rank or influence will be made to pay for his sins and even if someone from my own party tries to help any such guilty official he will also be taken to task."
"I am sure people like Malukha will vanish before the results are declared and they may have to seek asylum somewhere else as they cannot find a place to hide here," he said.

------------------
Vadodara:A 55-year-old woman was allegedly killed by her two nephews, who suspected that she practised witchcraft, at a village in neighbouring Chhota Udaipur district, police said on Sunday.

Both the accused have been arrested, they said.
The victim - Savita - and her husband Jetha Tadvi (62) were sitting at a farm of one Gopal Patel in Ladhod village on Friday when their nephews, identified as Jagdish Dalpat Tadvi and Shana Mana Tadvi, came there armed with axe and sticks and attacked them, police inspector V G Vasava said.
The elderly couple started running from there in order to save themselves. However, the two accused chased them and started beating both of them.
While an injured Jetha managed to escape, his wife was allegedly hacked to death by the two men, Vasava said.
Jetha learnt about the killing of his wife yesterday when he along with other relatives tried to search for her and found her dead on the outskirts of Ladhod village, he said.

Subsequently, he lodged a complaint yesterday with police who rushed to the spot and sent the body for postmortem to a hospital in Sankheda.
Based on the complaint, both the accused were arrested yesterday, the police officer said, adding that further investigation was on into the incident.

------------------
Kolkata: At a time when the sensational Sheena Bora murder mystery is giving sleepless nights to Mumbai Police officials, another bizarre incident of an extra-marital affair and a subsequent violent end to the saga has emerged in West Bengal on Saturday.

According to a report published in Hindustan Times, the city police today arrested a bank manager after he was caught red-handed with bags containing chopped body parts of a woman with whom he was allegedly having an extra-marital affair.
Surprisingly, police has recovered another bag from Samaresh Sarkar, the 47-year-old manager of a Central Bank of India branch in Durgapur, which contains some body parts of the deceased 5-year-old daughter.
According to the report, Sarkar was caught dumping the bags in the Hooghly river from a boat in full public view.
"Sarkar chopped up the body of the woman into three pieces and kept them in three trolley bags. We found the upper and lower parts of her body in two bags, but could not find the head of the woman and the body of the child. We have deployed a team of eight divers to trace it (the third bag)," the report quoted a senior cop as saying.
However, Sarkar refuted the allegations levelled on him, saying the victim was 34-year-old Sucheta Chakraborty, a customer of the branch where he was the manager. He was involved in an affair with Chakraborty, who was separated from her husband. She lived in Durgapur with her five-year-old daughter.
Sarkar, a father of two, further said when he visited the residence of Chakraborty on Friday afternoon, she demanded that he should marry her without any delay.

"He claimed that Chakraborty drowned her daughter in a cistern in a fit of rage and the child died within minutes. When she found that Sarkar was still not ready to marry her, she grabbed a knife and slit her throat. The theory appeared highly unlikely," a police officer said.
Refuting Sarkar's claim, police charged him with sections 302 (murder) and 201 (causing disappearance of evidence) of the Indian Penal Code.

------------------

------------------

------------------

------------------

------------------

------------------

------------------

------------------

------------------

------------------

------------------
Guwahati:The body of a model, who was apparently strangled to death, was found in her apartment in the state capital on Wednesday.

The model, Sweety Baruah, was not killed by someone unknown to her, DCP (Central) Amitava Sinha said.
One male person was with her till late last night and is at present absconding, Sinha said adding the victim's sister was sleeping in the next room.

"Preliminary investigations reveal that it is a case of strangulation. However, we are waiting for post mortem report for the exact cause of the death," he said.
The DCP said help from CID and forensic experts have been taken to crack the case as soon as possible.

------------------
Ghaziabad:An unidentified body of a 40-year-old woman was today found from Behta Hajipur Railway station here.

The body was lying between railway tracks and the platform, SHO, Loni Border, Virendra Yadav said.
Preliminary investigations revealed that she was a beggar and efforts were on to ascertain her identity, the SHO said.
In another incident, an unidentified body of a 50-year-old man was recovered from Kotwali area in the city yesterday.

According to police, the man was found lying unconscious following which he was rushed to a hospital where he was declared brought dead.
Police are trying to establish his identity.

------------------
Mumbai: The three-year-old murder of Sheena Bora unfolded on Wednesday stories of sleaze, betrayal and family feud as police arrested a former husband of Indrani, the wife of former media honcho Peter Mukherjea and the victim's alleged mother who is already in custody.


The motive of the murder still remains a mystery but the Mumbai Police has revealed that Sheena, who until yesterday, everyone thought was in the US, was strangulated on April 24, 2012.
The police had found a young woman's burnt body on May 23, 2012, in the forests of the Raigad district, 84 km from Mumbai.
The police had then registered a case against anonymous persons. The police had dismissed the body as unclaimed but, reports say, preserved the DNA.
Three years later, police arrested Indrani's driver Shyam Rai in an arms case.
"During his interrogation, he confessed to murder. We took him to the spot in Raigad that he spoke about and he pointed to where the body was dumped," said Mumbai Police Commissioner Rakesh Maria.
Earlier in the day, Peter Mukherjea, the former CEO of INX Media, made a stunning disclosure that Sheena had an affair with his son Rahul but he wasn't aware that Sheena was in reality Indrani's daughter and not her sister.
As the until now closely held secrets became public knowledge, the Mumbai Police arrested Sanjeev Khanna, a former husband of Indrani, in Kolkata today.
In Guwahati, Indrani's son Mikhail Bora revealed that Sheena was his sister, that Indrani had mothered both of them and this could be easily be proved by a DNA test.
"The real reason behind the murder is something else, which I don't want to reveal now," he said, hinting at some dark secrets.
"I want her (Indrani) to speak the truth. If she does not, then I have got proof, documents and photographs which I shall reveal to the media."
Discussing Sheena's relationship with his son, Mukherjea said he chose to overlook it as both were adults and could take their own decisions.
"Sheena was in a relationship with my son which Indrani disapproved of," he told the media.
Mukherjea also told TV channels that he had "no clue" that Sheena was actually Indrani's daughter from an earlier marriage and not her sister as she had told him.
Soon after the television statements, a team of Mumbai Police landed up at Mukherjea's Khar residence to question him.
Both Indrani and the driver were arrested on Tuesday on charges of killing Sheena and disposing off her body in Raigad, near Mumbai. A court sent Indrani to police custody till August 31.
Sheena had been employed as an assistant manager with Mumbai Metro One Pvt. Ltd. since June 20, 2011. She took leave of absence on April 24, 2012, the day she was killed. Mumbai Metro said she sent her resignation while on leave.
Mukherjea said he was "mentally very shocked" and stumped by his wife's arrest. "I am dumbstruck by this level of criminality."
"Sheena was having an affair with my son... When she disappeared in 2012, I was told she was studying in the US. I asked Indrani and she showed me pictures of Sheena at a Diwali function there," Mukherjea said.
This was corroborated by Mikhail Bora.
Revealing gory details, Mikhail said Indrani had a son (he himself) and a daughter (Sheena) from a boyfriend while studying in Shillong.
Indrani left for Kolkata in the early 1990s, leaving the minor children with her parents in Guwahati where they grew up.
After completing schooling, after encountering financial difficulties, the siblings went searching for Indrani in Mumbai.
"She was not willing to introduce us to anyone as her son and daughter. After spending some time in Mumbai, I came back to be with my grandparents in Guwahati while Sheena stayed back there."
He said he was in touch with Sheena till 2012 but lost all contact with his elder sister after that.
He said when he asked his mother about her whereabouts, she replied that Sheena had gone to the US and was working for a big company.
But she refused to share Sheena's contact details and kept saying that he should not interfere in Sheena's life.
"Last year, when my mother came to Guwahati and I sought details about Sheena, she not only became angry but threatened to stop sending whatever pocket money she sent every month," Mikhail said.

"It is a shock to learn that Sheena was murdered by our mother. But she can do it," he added.
(With IANS inputs)

------------------

------------------
Washington:Two journalists for a local CBS affiliate in Virginia were shot dead Wednesday during a live broadcast, according to television footage and their network.


Shots are heard in footage taken by the WDBJ cameraman Adam Ward before he dropped to the ground. Ward and reporter Alison Parker -- a couple, according to their station manager Jeffrey Marks -- were killed.
"We do not know the motive. We do not know who the suspect or who the killer is," Marks said, adding the shooter was still at large.

------------------

------------------
Mumbai/Guwahati: A day after Indrani Mukherjea, the wife of former TV honcho Peter Mukherjea, was arrested in connection with the murder of her `sister` in 2012, new details on Wednesday revealed that Sheena Bora was actually her daughter.


Talking to a news channel, Mikhail Bora confirmed that Indrani is his and Sheena's mother.
Mikhail also revealed that Indrani Mukherjea and Sheena Bora had a lot of conflicts.
Mikhail, who stays inGuwahatiwith his maternal grandparents, said he was certain thatIndranimurdered Sheena and he would disclose the probable reason for the murder after he gets to know the statement his mother gave to the police.
He, however, ruled out property or money as the motive of the murder, as claimed by one of the theories doing the rounds surrounding Sheena's murder.
"If Indrani Mukherjee doesn't admit to her crime, I will tell police the exact reason for the murder and provide evidence, added Mikhail. Since last September, we are not getting any financial help from Indrani," Mikhail, meanwhile, told ANI.
I want justice for her, she was innocent and didn't deserve this death, said Mikhail.
In one of the explosive revelations in the case, Peter Mukherjea told a news channel that Sheena had an affair with his son from first marriage and Indrani was not happy about it.
Mikhail said that his sister had been living with him and his grandparents in Guwahati for a long time and Indrani had been living in Mumbai.
He said that Sheena had gone to Mumbai to study in St Xavier's college.
The last time he had a contact with Sheena was in February 2012 when she came to Guwahati for a wedding of her friend. After that she has no contact," he said.
Mikhail said they met their mother only around 12 years back whenIndranihad visitedGuwahati.
"After that, she used to send money for us and our grandparents. But she stopped a few years ago," he added.
Mikhail said that he had always asked his mother where his elder sister was. "She always replied she was abroad. She said she (Sheena) had got a job there," he told the channel.
"In September also, when Indrani Mukerjea came here I asked her where she was," he said, adding she had maintained that Sheena was abroad.
Indrani was arrested by Khar Police last night following questioning over her alleged role in the murder of Sheena Bora in 2012. Maharashtra's Raigad police had found remains of Bora in a forest following which a murder case was registered against unidentified persons.
Indrani was produced before the Bandra Metropolitan Magistrate court, which remanded her in police custody till August 31, DCP (Detection) Dhananjay Kulkarni said today.
Indrani's driver, a co-accused who was picked by the police few days back in connection with the murder, too was arrested yesterday.
During interrogation, the driver claimed that Indrani had killed Bora and that he had helped her in disposing of the body by dumping it in the forests of Raigad district, the officer said.

Mumbai police commissioner Rakesh Maria had interrogated Indrani at Khar police station yesterday.
The officer said they would take the two accused to the crime spot where the body was dumped.

------------------

------------------
Mumbai: Indrani Mukherjea, wife of media baron Peter Mukherjea and former Star TV CEO, has been arrested on charges of killing her sister, police sources said on Tuesday.


A top police official, while confirming the arrest, declined to be identified or provide details of the case.
Indrani has been charged with murdering her sister Sheena in 2012 and disposing of her body in Raigad, adjacent to Mumbai.
She allegedly plotted the conspiracy but the exact motive is not yet clear.

She was produced before a court which sent her to police custody till August 31.
Police claim to have recovered evidence from the spot where the victim's body was buried in Raigad.

------------------
Ahmedabad: In a move that may trigger a controversy, the city police commissioner on Monday directed the owners of hotels and guest-houses to inform the local police if a young couple occupies a room for less than two hours.

"If a young girl and boy come to stay in a room without any bags and if they leave in two hours or less, then the concerned police station will have to be informed immediately," says a notification issued by police commissioner Shivanand Jha.
"Their contact details like the cell-phone number and residential address should also be given to the police," it added.
Two recent crimes in hotel rooms -- gangrape of a girl and murder of a girl by her boyfriend -- prompted this directive, according to the commissioner.
"There is a need to keep control over the people who hire rooms in the hotels in their own interest and that of the public at large," said the notification.

The hotel-owners will also have to install CCTV cameras in premises so as to capture faces of the customers. Rooms will be provided only after taking signatures of the persons who would be living there.
Last month, a 20-year-old girl was allegedly raped and killed by her 19-year-old boyfriend in a hotel room in Ranip area. Earlier this month, five men were arrested on charges of raping a minor girl in a hotel room in Kagdapith area.

------------------
Dhaka:A court on Monday indicted 10 people and issued arrest warrants against three absconding accused in the brutal killing of a 13-year-old Bangladeshi boy that triggered a nationwide outrage after a video of him being traumatised went viral.

Sylhet Metropolitan Magistrate Shahedul Karim, after accepting the charge sheet, ordered to confiscate the properties of the three accused, one of whom has been detained in Saudi Arabia waiting repatriation.
Ten men are behind bars after being arrested with the help of local residents, who were said to have caught some of the attackers when they tried to dump the body.
The charges in the indictment include murder or helping the alleged attackers. Defendants convicted of murder could face the maximum sentence of death penalty, Dhaka Tribune reported.
Kamrul, who is the prime accused in the case, fled to Saudi Arabia after allegedly committing the crime along with his accomplices.
The boy, Samiul Islam Rajon Rajon, who died of internal bleeding, was tortured and hacked to death by a group of persons over a false allegation of stealing a bicycle in the northeastern city of Sylhet on July 8. Following a police probe, the allegation was found untrue.
The accused filmed the entire incident of thrashing the boy using a mobile phone camera and uploaded it on internet which went viral.

The 28-minute video in which the boy is seen crying and pleading to the attackers not to beat him stunned the nation.
From the video, it appeared that there were five to six men who took part in the barbaric torture of the boy.

------------------
Olongapo: A US Marine accused of murder told a Philippine court Monday he fought with and subdued a transgender Filipina in self-defence but denied murdering her, his lawyer said.

Eight months after he was charged over the death of Jennifer Laude, Joseph Scott Pemberton admitted they fought after oral sex because Laude did not have a female organ, said his lawyer Rowena Flores.
The trial is closed to the press and court officials do not comment on details.
The case has attracted national attention as the Philippines seeks closer defence ties with its longtime ally the United States, in the face of Chinese territorial claims in the South China Sea.
Pemberton, who was 22 at the time, said Laude, 26, slapped him and caused him to respond "in defence", Flores said.
"After some time, to subdue Jeffrey, Joseph Scott Pemberton held his (Laude`s) head under his armpit. Jeffrey stopped moving. Joseph Scott Pemberton tried to revive him," Flores added, using the victim`s former name of Jeffrey.
She quoted Pemberton as saying "I felt like I was raped by Laude."
Harry Roque, a lawyer representing the victim`s family at the trial, said the US marine testified he held Laude in an "armlock" until she stopped moving.
"He then dragged her to (the) bathroom and dumped her," Roque added.
Another lawyer for the family, Virgie Suarez, said Pemberton confessed to choking Laude but said he thought she was just unconscious.
Flores said Pemberton told the court he left Laude "alive in the bathroom".
Government prosecutors confirmed Pemberton testified but did not comment further.
Earlier they said Pemberton and Laude had left a bar in the northern port of Olongapo and checked in at a nearby motel, where they alleged the American strangled the victim.
Pemberton, who had just taken part in joint US-Philippine military exercises nearby when the alleged murder occurred, was taken to the Olongapo trial court Monday by armed escort from his cell at a Philippine military camp in Manila.
He was the second witness for the defence.

His mother Lisa Pemberton took the stand a week ago, when lawyers said she identified letters from family friends and relatives attesting to his good character.
The judicial proceedings will continue until December.

------------------
New Delhi: In a suspected gang war, a 32-year-old property dealer was shot dead allegedly by six assailants in southwest Delhi's GreaterKailasharea, police said on Sunday.

While five of the alleged assailants have been arrested after a search operation which involved more than a 100 police officials with several locals helping them, one accused is still at large, said a senior police official.
The incident was reported last night.
The deceased, identified as Raju, was heading towards Tigri village with an associate in a motorbike.When they reached an intersection in Greater Kailash I area, an SUV intercepted the motorbike and allegedly opened fire.
The assailants targeted Raju and fled once he collapsed on the ground, said the senior official.
Officials in a police patrolling van nearby heard the sound of gunfire and reached the spot, where they saw a security guard and some locals trying to help Raju.
They immediately headed towards the residential colony where the assailants were reported to have fled, said the official.
Meanwhile, the SUV of the assailants rammed into?a gate in a residential colony and all six of them had to flee abandoning the vehicle there.
Later, more than a 100 police officials were deployed in a search operation and the entire area was combed.
Five of the assailants were hunted down by the police. They have been identified as Deepak Pandit, Arun, Shankar, Virender and Shanu, said the senior official.
During interrogation, it emerged that there was rivalry between the two groups ? one headed by Deepak Pandit and the other the deceased, Raju.Both of them were involved in several businesses, including property dealings.
Deepak Pandit is also wanted in a criminal case registered at south Delhi's Neb Sarai police station.

The police are looking for more cases registered against Pandit and his associates, said the official.
A separate team is, meanwhile, looking for the absconding assailant, the official added.

------------------
New Delhi: Delhi is among the most unsafe places for foreigners in India with 164 cases of heinous crimes registered here in 2014, the latest data released by the National Crime Record Bureau (NCRB) has revealed. Of the 164 foreigners targeted, 135 were tourists.

Goa follows close on the heels of the national capital with 73 cases, while Uttar Pradesh, Maharashtra and Rajasthan follow with 66, 59 and 36 cases respectively.
The cases pertain to crimes like murder, attempt to murder, rape, molestation, kidnapping, robbery, cheating, forgery and theft.
Out of the total 486 cases of crime against foreigners registered in India, 384 crimes were against tourists, while in 102 cases foreigners here on business visa or for other work were targeted.
Tour operator Anil Kanthale told IANS: "Many women tourists say they do not want to visit Delhi as they find it insecure. But the situation was not so bad before the December 16, 2012 gang rape incident."
"The gang rape case has damaged Delhi's reputation as a safe-for-tourists city. A rape-cum-robbery case with a Danish woman in January this year also spread a sense of insecurity among foreign tourists," he said.
When contacted, top police officials were tight-lipped over the issue.
"If any crime takes place in the city, everyone targets the police. I accept that it's our responsibility to provide a secure environment to those living in Delhi, but most of the crimes occur when victims are not careful about their safety," a police officer told IANS on the condition of anonymity.
The officer also said that foreigners are easily targeted as they are not familiar with the city.
"We take every case against any foreigner on a priority basis and try to solve it as soon as possible by arresting the criminal. We also ensure the safety of every foreigner," the officer added.
Goa is the second most unsafe place with 73 cases of crime against foreigners, including 66 cases in which tourists were affected.
Uttar Pradesh with 66 cases, including 64 tourists, is on third position.
Maharashtra saw 59 such cases, including 25 tourists and 34 other foreigners living there, being registered followed by Rajasthan with 36 cases, including 31 tourists.
States where no crime against foreigners was registered are Arunachal Pradesh, Assam, Jharkhand, Manipur, Meghalaya, Nagaland, Sikkim, Tripura and Uttarakhand.
Jammu and Kashmir, Mizoram and Odisha registered only one case each. Himachal Pradesh, Madhya Pradesh and Telangana were among the states where only two cases of crimes against foreigners each were registered.
Apart from Delhi, Puducherry and Chandigarh were the only two Union Territories where foreigners were attacked, with seven and two cases, respectively.
However, there was not a single crime case against any foreigner in the remaining four Union Territories.
"Of the total 486 cases of crime against foreigners, 260 cases were of robbery, followed by 39 cases of molestation and 22 cases of rape," the NCRB data said.

It said that five foreigners, including four tourists, were killed in India while four were attacked for the purpose of murder.
The NCRB data said that three foreigners were kidnapped in 2014.


------------------
Auckland: An Indian-origin man who stabbed a student to death in Wellington in May this year has pleaded guilty to committing murder, a media report said on Wednesday.

Mandeep Singh, 29, pleaded guilty in the Auckland High Court to killing Parmita Rani and attempting to murder Parminder Sandhu, 22, Radio New Zealand reported.

The guilty plea came as a surprise as Singh had previously pleaded not guilty to both the charges.
Justice Simon Moore has remanded Singh until September for sentencing.

------------------
Etah: A 35-year-old woman was murdered by a man allegedly for resisting a rape bid at Nidholi Khurd village in Kotwali Rijor, police said.

The incident took place on Saturday when Anita had gone to the fields and the accused, Virendra who was in an intoxicated state, attempted to rape her on finding her alone, police said.
When she resisted the accused, he snatched the scythe from her hands and attacked her, they said.
Soon locals reached the spot and took Anita to the hospital where she succumbed to her injuries.

The accused was thrashed by the crowd. Police soon reached the spot, took him in custody and then admitted him to a hospital.
An FIR in this connection has been filed with the police by Prem Pal, husband of the deceased.

------------------
Geneva:Swiss police said they found the body of a man and his two young children at the base of a cliff on Friday, in what appeared to be a possible murder-suicide.

The body of a woman was also found a few hundred metres away in the spectacular Creux-du-Van nature reserve, but it was not immediately clear if there was a link.
Police had launched a search in the Jura mountain area using a helicopter and sniffer dogs after an unidentified man called, voicing concern about a message he had received from a relative revealing plans to kill himself and his two small children.
"The most likely scenario is that (the man) killed himself with his two children," Daniel Favre, deputy spokesman for the police in the canton of Neuchatel, told AFP.
Police later identified the man as a 45-year-old. His son was two and his daughter was three, a statement said.
Initial indications suggested that the woman who was also found was not the wife and mother of the deceased man and children.
Police listed her age as "around 45" and said she lived in Neuchatel.
Preliminary evidence suggests she also committed suicide, the statement said.

"For the moment, it is really unclear if the two cases are linked, but it doesn`t seem so," Favre said.
All four are believed to be French nationals.

------------------
New Delhi:The Press Council of India (PCI) has issued a notice seeking reply from Uttar Pradesh Minister Vijay Bahadur Pal, who reportedly made threats against journalists at a rally in Kanauj on Thursday.

Press Council of India (PCI) chairman Justice (retd) Chandramauli Kumar Prasad has also expressed concerns to Uttar Pradesh Chief Minister Akhilesh Yadav.
"The Press Council of India has taken suo motu cognisance of the threats reported to have been held out by Vijay Bahadur Pal, minister in the government of Uttar Pradesh, during a party rally in Kanauj yesterday," the PCI said in a statement released here.

While a notice for reply has been issued to the minister, the Chairman also conveyed the concern of the Council to Akhilesh, the statement added.
As per reports, Pal had allegedly threatened journalists of "dire consequences" for giving the state government negative publicity, while addressing the closing ceremony of a cycle rally in Kannauj.

------------------
Bareilly: A part-time scribe working for a local Hindi daily was murdered in Baxariya locality of Faridpur here, police said on Friday.

A police patrol team late last night found two persons dragging a body on the Station Road when the officials intervened, they said.
While one of the men ran from the spot, police managed to catch the other accused.
Upon scrutiny, police found the body was that of a 42-year-old local scribe, Sanjay Pathak, who was working as a part-time employee with a local Hindi daily.
His head had been crushed with a heavy object, police said.

SP (rural) Brijesh Srivastava said the reason behind the crime was not known immediately. The body has been sent for post-mortem examination.
Hunt is on for the other accused and investigations are underway, he added.

------------------
Stockholm:CCTV footage from an Ikea store in Sweden where two people were stabbed to death earlier this week, show the alleged attacker trying to commit suicide, the Aftonbladet daily reported Wednesday.

Monday`s attack saw a mother and her adult son stabbed to death at a store in the central town of Vasteras, with police arresting two Eritrean asylum seekers.
One in his mid 30s was found at the scene with serious knife injuries while the second, aged 23, was waiting at a bus stop outside Ikea.
According to Aftonbladet`s website, the images appear to show that the perpetrator was the injured Eritrean who was evacuated to hospital in critical condition.
The footage shows a man grabbing two knives from the kitchenware section "several seconds before the murder" then attacking the two shoppers, a 55-year-old woman and her 28-year-old son, the paper said.
"The attack ends when the alleged murderer stabs himself in the stomach," it said.
Swedish police have remained tightlipped since Monday over the exact circumstances of the murder.
On Wednesday, the prosecutor`s office said in a statement that investigators were still holding the 23-year-old who was staying at the same centre for asylum seekers as the injured man.
He has denied any involvement in the attack.
The centre is some 50 kilometres (30 miles) from Vasteras.
The second man has not yet been interviewed due to the serious nature of his injuries.
Swedish media reports said Wednesday that the injured man had been handed a deportation order which would have returned him to Italy.
The day before the attack he had met with immigration officials in Vasteras to discuss his case, the reports said.

Sweden hosts a community of some 18,000 Eritrean nationals but that number is expected to rise significantly in the coming years.
Last year, some 11,500 Eritreans requested asylum in Sweden, and in the first seven months of 2015, another 4,200 have made an application making them the second largest group seeking refugee status after Syrians.

------------------
Shivpuri (MP): A local court has awarded life imprisonment to eight persons in a 2010 triple murder case.

The sentence was awarded yesterday by the Third Additional Session Judge, Qamar Iqbal under section 302 of IPC, the prosecution said today.
On June 14, 2010, the accused had killed a woman, her son and grandson at village Kuda Jagir following a poll-related dispute.
They attacked the woman identified as Kunnobai (55), her son Balu (35) and grandson Majboot Singh (18) when she (Kunnobai) was returning after fetching water from a hand pump. The accused blocked her way and started beating her with sticks and other weapons.
In order to save his mother, her son and grandson intervened but the attackers targeted them also and beat them severely, prosecution said.
Kannubai died on the spot while Balu and Mazboot Singh succumbed to their injuries in the hospital.

Later, police registered a case against Narayan Saharia (48), Shrilal Saharia (50) Raghuvir (48), Raghua (28), Ajmer Sirdhar (38), Gyani (68), Lampai (28) and Naktu (43).
The court also imposed fines ranging from Rs 1,000 to Rs 500 against them.

------------------
Bhadohi: A man allegedly killed his wife and poured acid on the body to conceal her identity in Gopiganj area, police said here on Monday.

Vikram Kol and 35-year-old Puja Kol had married three years ago and lived in a rented room near the carpet factory where they worked at Raghunathpura, Circle Officer S S Rai said.
On Saturday night, Vikram strangled Puja to death, threw acid on her body and escaped after locking the house, he said.

Radha Devi, owner of the house, informed police today after a foul smell started emanating from the room, Rai said, adding that documents related to their court marriage and pictures were recovered from the room.
The ASP said that efforts were being made to arrest Vikram, who was absconding.

------------------
London: Eight people including six children have been found handcuffed and fatally shot in a home in Texas, after the arrest of a man who exchanged gunfire with police.

According to the BBC, the gunfire broke out when officers who had been called to the Houston-area home late on Saturday spotted the body of a child and tried to enter.

An hour later, a man surrendered after talks with police negotiators.
Police said the suspect, David Conley, was later charged with capital murder.

------------------
Ahmedabad:In a gruesome murder, three brothers were shot dead and subsequently burnt down in Kutch district of Gujarat to destroy evidence, police said on Saturday.

Police suspects revenge behind the brutal killings.
"Charred remains of three brothers, aged between 30 to 40, were found today from Khedukavad village of Rapar taluka of Kutch district," A K Jadeja, Border Range IG, told PTI.
The accused first abducted the brothers identified as Suresh Koli, Naresh Koli and Ramsang Koli from Piprada check post and then shot them dead, the IG said.
In order to destroy evidence in the case, the accused burnt their bodies at Khedukavad village from where brothers and the accused hail, said Jadeja.
Jadeja suspects that the accused killed the brothers to avenge the killing of one of their family member who was allegedly murdered by the Kolis.
Superintendent of Police at Patan district, Ashwin Chauhan said the three brothers had yesterday come to Adesar police station of Patan from where the accused chased and abducted them before the killings.
"Yesterday, those three men had appeared at Sankhalpur police station in Patan district in connection with a murder case from where the accused chased and abducted them," Chauhan told PTI.
"Later, they took them near Piprada check post at the border of Kutch and Patan districts and shot at them," added Chauhan.
The accused later burnt their bodies by using tyres and diesel at their village Khedukavad in Rapar taluka of Kutch, which were found by police today, he said.
Chauhan said the accused had some old rivalry over a land issue around one year back.
"We have not yet arrested any person but we have been continuously combing to nab them," he said.
However, Chauhan did not reveal the names of accused.

A case under various sections of Indian Penal Code (IPC) including 302 for murder, 307 for attempt to murder and 120 (b) for criminal conspiracy has been registered against ten persons.
They were also charged under the IPC sections 342 (wrongful confinement), 201 (causing disappearance of offence) and 34 (act done by several persons in furtherance of common intention), Chauhan said.

------------------
New Delhi:A 30-year-old man was found murdered here, his face smashed with a rock, Delhi Police said on Saturday.

Police said Sunder, a resident of Mayur Vihar in east Delhi and an employee of the New Delhi Municipal Council, went out for an evening walk on Thursday but did not return home.
"We found Sunder`s body from the Yamuna river on Friday evening. His face had been smashed with a rock to hide his identity," an officer said.
His family members identified him from his clothes and a tattoo mark on his hand.

According to police, personal enmity seemed to be the reason behind the murder of Sunder, a fourth grade employee in NDMC.
Police have detained three suspects in Mayur Vihar.

------------------
Patna: Three people were arrested on Friday in connection with murder of a BJP worker Avinash Kumar in this capital, police said.

Patna Senior Superintendent of Police Vikas Vaibhav said three of the six accused were sent to jail after they were produced in a local court. The detainees included temple priest Panna Lal Gupta, his son Darshan Gupta and Joyti Gupta.
Vaibhav said that police teams raided locations in Hajipur, about 30 km from here, in search of the people, who shot dead Kumar on Thursday. The incident triggered protests by party workers.
According to police, Bharatiya Janata Pary worker Avinash Kumar was chased by three armed men and shot dead on Thursday morning when he was on his way to a tea shop in Salimpur Ahra area here.
The people, allegedly involved in the killing, were identified through CCTV footage.
BJP legislators raised the issue in the assembly on Friday and created a ruckus for the second consecutive day.
The house was adjourned by the speaker on Thursday following uproar by BJP members.

Local BJP legislator Nitin Navin along with party workers protested against the incident yesterday and staged a sit-in on Friday, demanding the arrest of all culprits within 48 hours.
With the assembly polls around the corner, BJP leaders of Bihar linked the incident to the deteriorating law and order situation in the state.

------------------

------------------

------------------
Ballia (UP):A Dalit youth was stabbed to death allegedly by some persons belonging to another community in Belthara road town, triggering protests by locals who restored to stone pelting, injuring two cops.

20-year-old Neeraj was kidnapped by three bike-borne youths last night, who stabbed him and threw his body in the bushes, Deputy Superintendent of Police K C Singh said.
Based on a complaint by the victim's father, a case has been lodged against eight persons and out of them local Samajwadi Party leader Saddam, Sheikh Ejazuddin and Kamran have been arrested, he said.
Following the incident, agitated locals pelted stones at Belthara road outpost and had a minor clash with police late last night.
The situation turned violent today when the locals pelted stones at a religious place and vandalised houses and commercial establishments belonging to another community, police said.
DySP Laxmi Ram Yadav and another policeman were injured in clash with the locals, they said.
The agitators claimed that four persons were also injured in lathicharge by police.

The protestors are observing a bandh on Gorakhpur-Ballia Highway leading to disruption of vehicular movement, police said.
In the wake of tension prevailing in the town, police and PAC personnel have been deployed, Singh said.

------------------
Jakarta: A former US policeman has been arrested on the Indonesian resort island of Bali over alleged links to the murder of his pregnant girlfriend, officials said Wednesday.

Vontrey Clark was detained on Friday after Interpol, acting on a request from the FBI, issued a red notice for his arrest.
"He was arrested last Friday by investigators in Bali," the secretary of Interpol`s national central bureau for Indonesia, Brigadier-General Amhar Azeth, told AFP.
"He is wanted for murder."
US media reported that the former Austin policeman was being investigated for possible involvement in the death of police counsellor Samantha Dean in February. He has not been charged.
Dean`s body was found with three gunshot wounds to the head behind a vacant shopping centre on February 4, local newspaper The Austin Chronicle reported.

Bali police spokesman Heri Wiyanto said Clark arrived in Jakarta on July 18 on a tourist visa. He was later arrested at a north Kuta hotel.
Indonesia and the United States have no extradition treaty, but Azeth said arrangements were being made for Clark to be flown back to the US on August 13.


------------------
New Delhi: The Delhi High Court on Tuesday dismissed a plea by two of the four death row convicts in the December 16, 2012, gang-rape-cum-murder case of a 23-year-old girl to provide true copies of articles used for DNA testing during the investigation of the case, terming it ridiculous.

Justice Indermeet Kaur also pulled up the convicts' lawyer over the prayer made in the petition that the CBI be directed to provide true photos of the articles used for DNA test and true copies of the slides of the test.
"How can CBI be directed? I am not aware of any laboratory belonging to any of the investigating agency. As per you, the reports in the case were prepared by local police station," the bench observed, and added "why don't you go to police station concerned".
Terming the convicts' plea as ridiculous, the court asked the counsel to withdraw the petition saying else it will dismiss it.
Since the lawyer refused to withdraw the matter, the court finally dismissed it.
Convicts Mukesh and Pawan Gupta had approached the high court through their counsel M L Sharma saying the DNA test was conducted in CBI's scientific laboratory and true photo of the articles used for the test was not given to the accused and also not filed in the trial court as well as in the high court during appeal.
It had asked the court to direct CBI to provide true copies of articles used for DNA reports to them to advance their arguments in the Supreme Court in their appeals against their conviction and death sentence.
"True photo of the articles used for DNA test couple with the true copy of the slide of the DNA test of each DNA report is required to the petitioner to ascertain and justify their defence to get justice," the plea said.
The trial court had awarded death sentence to them and the high court had upheld it on March 13, 2014.

The court had awarded death sentence to Gupta, Mukesh, Akshay Thakur and Vinay Sharma for the brutal gang-rape and murder of the girl.
Of the other accused, the juvenile was on August 31, 2013 convicted and sentenced to a maximum of three years in a reformation home by the Juvenile Justice Board, while prime accused Ram Singh was found dead in his cell in Tihar Jail on March 11, 2013 and the proceedings against him were abated.

------------------
New Delhi: The Home Ministry on Tuesday said data on the murder of journalists was not maintained separately, and 113 cases were registered and 30 people arrested for attacking media persons in 2014.

"The National Crime Records Bureau (NCRB) has started collecting data on attacks on media persons (grievously injured) since 2014. Data on murder of journalists is not maintained separately," Minister of State for Home Affairs Haribhai Parathibhai Chaudhary told the Lok Sabha in a written reply.
He said the ministry has not received the report on safety of journalists from the Press Council of India and also has no proposal to set up a special task force to investigate attacks on journalists.
"The provision of security to an individual is primarily the responsibility of the state government in whose jurisdiction such individual ordinarily resides," he said.

"Security is provided strictly on the basis of threat assessment made by the security agencies. There is no separate categorisation of protectees for journalists, although individual journalists are also among those who apply for security cover."
He said representations from all individuals, including journalists and media persons are referred to security agencies for assessment of their threat.

------------------


Imphal: A jawan of the 8th Manipur Rifles was shot dead by unidentified gunmen near Palel area in Chandel district, police officials said today.
Hopson Maring (36) was posted as a house guard of MLA D Korungthang's residence at Tengnoupal when the incident occurred last night.

The body was sent to the Jawaharlal Nehru Institute of Medical Sciences (JNIMS) hospital for post-mortem, they said.


------------------
Fatehgarh Sahib (Pb):The Punjab unit president of Akhil Bharatiya Hindu Suraksha Samiti was shot dead allegedly by his security guard at his residence in Sirhind town of the district, police said on Tuesday.

45-year-old Manish Sood alias Bunty, President of Punjab unit of the Hindu outfit, was killed by his security guard Somnath late last night, police said, adding, the guard has been arrested.
Somnath allegedly pumped over 15 bullets into Manish, killing him on the spot, they said.
Khanna Senior Superintendent of Police Gurpreet Singh Gill, who at present holds additional charge of Fatehgarh Sahib SSP, besides other police officials reached the spot after the incident, they said.
The body has been sent to Civil Hospital here for post-mortem, they said.
An FIR under section 302 (murder) of the IPC was registered against Somnath, Station House Officer of Sirhind police station, Kanwaljit Singh said.

The reason behind Manish's murder is not known yet, he said, adding that investigations are on in the case.
Notably, Sood was in the news few years ago when he along with few others had allegedly assaulted Jagtar Singh Hawara, convicted of assassinating former Punjab Chief Minister Beant Singh, in the district court premises in Chandigarh in 2011.

------------------
Islamabad:Pakistan is preparing Tuesday to hang a convicted killer whose case has attracted international protests because family members say he was a juvenile at the time of the crime.

Shafqat Hussain was sentenced to death for killing a seven-year-old boy in Karachi in 2004 but has had several stays of execution, most recently in June.
The case has prompted grave concern among human rights campaigners as Hussain`s lawyers and family claim he was only 15 at the time of the killing, though a government-ordered probe ruled he was an adult.
Hussain`s supporters also say he was tortured into confessing.
United Nations rights experts have said his trial "fell short of international standards" and called on Islamabad to reinstate a moratorium on the death penalty.
Maya Foa of the British anti-death penalty campaign group Reprieve codemned the plan to hang Hussain as an "absolute disgrace".
A six-year halt to executions came to an end in December as Pakistan got tough on extremism after Taliban gunmen massacred more than 130 children at a school. Since then, around 180 people have been hanged.
An official at Karachi Central Prison said Hussain`s execution was scheduled for Tuesday following a death warrant issued by a court.
The European Union last week said it was "deeply concerned" by the resumption of hangings and warned that a prized tariff status granted to Pakistan could be threatened unless it stuck to international conventions on fair trials, child rights and preventing torture.
Critics say Pakistan`s criminal justice system is marred by police torture and poor legal representation, meaning many of the 8,000 or so death row convicts have not had a fair trial.
In June Hussain won his fourth stay of execution, but a day later the Supreme Court rejected an application to set up a judicial commission to ascertain his age.

Hussain`s age has proved difficult to determine with any certainty. His supporters say he was 14 or 15 at the time of the killing but police insist he was over 20.
Exact birth records are not always kept in Pakistan, particularly for people from poor families like Hussain`s.

------------------
Unnao (UP): A 57-year-old security guard posted at UP's government Information Department was killed by some unidentified persons in city area here, police said on Monday.

Body of Rajendra Bahadur Singh was found this morning in the computer room of the department, they said.

Head injuries caused by some blunt object were seen on the body which has been sent for post-mortem, they said.
An FIR has been lodged in this connection, they said, adding the matter is being probed.

------------------
Berhampur: The decomposed body of a middle-aged man, suspected to have been murdered, was exhumed from the cremation ground at Gumma Padara in Kandhamal district, police said on Sunday.

Kamalkanta Mallick (52), who was working as a cook in a local upper primary school for the past five years, had gone missing on July 26.
Acting on an information provided by the local people, a police team exhumed the body of Mallick on Friday, sub-divisional police officer, Baliguda, S N Murmu said.

The autopsy was conducted at the sub-divisional hospital, Baliguda, yesterday and police were waiting for the report to confirm the nature of the death, he said.
The cook was suspected to have been murdered by some miscreants, he said.

------------------
Mexico City: Five bodies with their hands bound and some with apparent signs of torture were found in a home in Mexico City, police said today.

The bodies were found Friday night in a home in a middle class area after a call from neighbors, said an official from the city prosecutor's office.
Police said the victims were three women and two men. Their hands were tied with tape, and some showed signs of torture.
The identities were not released, nor was there any immediate word on what the motive of the killings might be.
Mexico is enduring a nightmare of drug-related violence that has left more than 100,000 people dead and 22,000 missing since 2006, when the government deployed the military to fight the country's powerful drug cartels.

When bodies with signs of torture are found, authorities often suspect the deaths stem from the settling of scores between rival gangs, mainly in states in northern of Mexico.
But such crimes are uncommon in Mexico City, which has largely escaped the brunt of the drug-related violence.

------------------
Bhadohi: Three policemen who were wanted in a 32-year-old alleged fake encounter of the brother of a former MLA have been arrested, police said on Saturday.

Devendra Pratap Singh, brother of former MLA Udaybhan Singh was killed in a fake encounter in 1982, five years after which a case of murder was lodged in Gopiganj police station against 20 policemen, including two inspectors and two sub-inspectors, who were absconding, Superintendent of Police, Anil Kumar Rai said.
On the petition filed by Singh's family members, the Allahabad High Court had last week questioned why the culprits have not been arrested so far, the SP said.
Three policemen named Malkhan Singh, Phool Chand and Manzoor Ahmed were arrested from their houses here yesterday, police said.
While two others have got bail from the court, three cops are dead now, the SP said.

Efforts are on to arrest the remaining culprits, he said.
Singh's younger brother, Udaybhan Singh, a former MLA elected from Auraiye assembly seat on BSP ticket in 2002 is presently undergoing life sentence in a triple murder case.

------------------
Jamshedpur: A well-known real estate developer of the steel city was shot dead by unidentified assailants near Jubilee Park gate in Bistupur area here today, a senior police officer said.

Ramsakal Prasad along with a friend, went to the Park for morning walk when four unidentified assailants intercepted him near the park gate and shot at him, Deputy Superintendent of Police, Jacinta Kerketta said.
She said critically injured Prasad was rushed to Tata Main Hospital, where doctors declared him dead.
Prasad, a resident of Bagbera, was a contractor engaged in construction sector in Odisha as well as here. He also owned buses.

The culprits escaped in two motorcycles after committing the crime according to eyewitnesses, she said.
The incident took place at a time when the district administration was busy making arrangements to receive Jharkhand Governor Draupadi Murmu, who was likely to make a stopover on way to Odisha, today.

------------------
Melbourne: Australian police Friday said they may expand their probe to India in search of clues on the brutal murder of a 41-year-old Indian woman in Sydney as they released a new video of a person they want to question in connection with the killing of the IT professional in March.

Prabha Arun Kumar was on the phone to her husband in India as she walked home from work, when she was stabbed repeatedly in the neck while walking through a public park, just 300m from her home, on March 7.
After she was found lying injured, she was moved to hospital, where she died the same night.
Australian police released a new CCTV footage hoping to find the killer.
Sydney police is now looking to speak to the person who was seen in the footage walking nearby through Parramatta Golf Course near Jubilee Lane on the night of Prabha Arun Kumar's murder, Sky news reported.
"The person in the footage is the one person we have not been able to identify so far, after months of exhaustive inquiry," Acting Inspector Ritchie Sim said.
Sim said officers recently discovered the footage as they again canvassed the area around where the killing took place.
The investigations in one of the high-profile case is expected to be widened to India with detectives from Strike Force Marcoala, formed by State Crime Command's Homicide Squad to investigate Kumar's death, due to travel to her home town in Mangalore, amid community plans to honour the slain woman with a service close to her birthday, the report said.
"Considering the nature of the investigation and because it is Prabha's home town, it is an obvious line of inquiry. It's important we don't speculate but we need to exhaust every line of inquiry," Sim said.
"Prahba's death has affected a lot of people, including her family in India. These people need closure and we are reliant on the publics' help to allow us to give them that," he added.
A plaque bearing Kumar's name will be unveiled during her birthday on November 22, the report said.

"We remain in close contact with Prabha's family and we have invited them to attend the memorial event. We will also assist in helping the family to make the trip to Sydney from India," Sim said.
Police had earlier released the CCTV footage of Prabha walking from the Parramatta train station just before she was fatally stabbed and had appealed to people for information to crack the baffling case.

------------------
Ohio: A white Ohio policeman who shot a black man during a routine traffic stop in what prosecutors called a "senseless" act motivated by anger pleaded not guilty to murder Thursday.

The case comes as the United States grapples with heightened racial tensions in the wake of a series of high-profile incidents of unarmed African Americans being killed by police in disputed circumstances.
A judge set a $1 million bond for Ray Tensing at a brief hearing broadcast on television.
Tensing, 25, said little as he stood before the court in handcuffs and a black and white striped prison uniform.
A campus police officer with the University of Cincinnati, Tensing initially told investigators that he shot Sam DuBose after DuBose tried to drive away and dragged the officer along with him.
But a review of the officer`s body camera footage showed Tensing was never in danger during the July 19 incident.
And prosecutors questioned why he bothered to try to stop DuBose from leaving in the first place.
"He wasn`t dealing with someone who was wanted for murder -- he was dealing with someone with a missing license plate," Hamilton County Prosecutor Joseph Deters said while announcing the charges Wednesday.
"This is in the vernacular a pretty `chicken crap` stop. If he started rolling away, seriously, let him go. You don`t have to shoot him in the head."
The video shows Tensing approach the car and ask DuBose for his license and registration.
DuBose calmly asks why he was pulled over and eventually tells Tensing that he left his license at home.
Then -- less than two minutes into the exchange -- DuBose reaches for the keys and Tensing can be heard shouting "STOP! STOP!"
In the blink of an eye, a gun pops into view and DuBose slumps over in his seat. The video bounces as Tensing chases after the car as it rolls down the street. DuBose died instantly, Deters said.
"It`s incredible. And so senseless," Deters told reporters.
"I think he lost his temper because Mr DuBose wouldn`t get out of his vehicle."
Deters said he hopes the swift action by his office will show that justice is being done in this case.
"I feel so sorry for his family and I feel sorry for the community," Deters said.
Cincinnati was struck by days of violent unrest following the police shooting of an unarmed black man in 2001.

Peaceful protesters rallied Wednesday night waving "Black Lives Matter" placards, in reference to the grassroots movement opposing violence by law enforcement against blacks.
One sign read: "They kill our daddies then make fun of us for being fatherless."


------------------
Lahore: In a last minute reprieve, a Pakistani high court has stayed the execution of a 43-year-old paralysed prisoner who was to be hanged today for committing a murder in 2009.

Abdul Basit was sentenced to death in 2009 and his death warrants were issued for execution on July 29.
However, on his plea that in Faislabad Jail in 2010 he contracted tubercular meningitis which left him paralysed from the lower part of the body, the Lahore High Court bench headed by Justice Alia Neelum yesterday halted his execution and sought a reply from the prison's department by August 17.
Basit's counsel advocate Azam Nazir Tarar told the court that despite being unable to stand and dependent on a wheelchair, death warrants were issued last week.
"Execution of a paralysed man would constitute cruel and unusual punishment, violating fundamental right to human dignity enshrined in the Constitution," Tarar said.
He said Pakistan's law had provisions for mercy to be granted in cases where prisoners were suffering from severe ill-health.
The government's failure to acknowledge this and commute Basit's sentence appeared to form part of a worrying trend involving the blanket dismissal of all mercy petitions considered since executions resumed in 2014, he added.
Earlier, the Lahore district court ordered halting of execution of a 'mentally-ill' condemned prisoner Khizar Hayat.
Pakistan has executed over 170 condemned prisoners since the Sharif government lifted moratorium on death penalty (for executions) on December 17 last year, a day after the Taliban attack on Peshawar's Army Public School that left 150 people dead, mostly children.
Hangings were initially reinstated only for those convicted of terrorism offences, but in March they were extended to all capital offences.

More than 8,000 prisoners are on death row in Pakistan.
The Pakistani government had halted the executions during the month of Ramadan that ended last week.

------------------
Jaipur:Six members of a family, including four children, were hacked to death allegedly by two men over a personal feud in Bhilwara district of Rajasthan.

35-year-old Yunus and his wife Sania (32) were found brutally murdered near a small bridge on National Highway in Mandal area of Bhilwara yesterday, a senior police official said.
The bodies of their four children-- Ahsraf (10), Gudiya (5), Ashima (3) and one-year-old Sakeena-- were found this morning from Rayala area, 40 km from Bhilwara, said Superintendent of Police of Bhilwara, Hemant Kumar Sharma.
Two persons-- Sharaft and Raju Khateek-- have been arrested by the police and booked for the murders.
Police said that they have confessed to the crime.
"Old enmity and illicit relation is said to be the reason behind the murders of the six people of the family which lived in Nimbahera area of Chittorgarh district," the SP said.
Quoting the accused's statement, the SP said they had lured the entire family to visit Ajmer Dargah on July 27.
"On way from Nimbahera, they stopped their SUV near a bridge in Mandal area and killed Yunus and his wife Sania with a sword in the cover of darkness," as per the accused statement.
They covered up their bodies with sand and bushes, the SP said.

Later, they drove the kids to Rayala, 40 kms away from Bhilwara and near a pond they allegedly murdered the four children with the same sword, the SP said.
The identity of Yunus was established from the tag of his shirt, on which tailer's address was written, the police officer said.

------------------
Singapore:A Singapore court has held an Indian national guilty of killing his wife, whose headless body was found in Whampoa river in December 2013, media reports said on Wednesday.

Thirty-three-year-old Jasvinder Kaur`s corpse was found wrapped in black trash bags, with the legs exposed and hands severed at the wrists.
According to a report in the Straits Times, her husband Harvinder Singh was reportedly upset that she making a long-distance call to someone unknown to him.
He reportedly hit her during a fight and left her lying on the bed.
Upon realising that she was dead, Harvinder allegedly called his friend Gursharan Singh to help him disposing off the body.
Unaware of the incident, Gursharan grew suspicious at the weight of the bag he was carrying and demanded an explanation.
Even after he became aware of the fight, he reportedly decided to help Harvinder dispose off the body.
Gursharan, 27, was jailed for 30 months in April this year for helping Harvinder, who is still absconding.
Kaur used to work as a beautician. Her employer told investigators that after she failed to turn up for work next day, her husband called to say she was returning to India.

Harvinder, a senior logistics coordinator, fled the next morning to Malaysia and then to India. Authorities are yet to trace Harvinder, who is now on Interpol`s wanted list.


------------------
Mexico City: Mexican prosecutors announced that they had won "historic" convictions and sentences of 697 years in prison against five men for killing 11 women near the border city of Ciudad Juarez.

The state prosecutor's office in Chihuahua state said yesterday the men lured women with the promise of jobs, but instead subjected them to human trafficking and forced prostitution before killing them.
A statement from the office called the sentences on charges of aggravated homicide and human trafficking "exemplary and historic."
Ciudad Juarez, which is across from El Paso, Texas, was the scene of a series of eerily similar killings of more than 100 women beginning in 1993. Those possible serial or copy-cat killings, with similar victim profiles and killing methods, appeared to taper off by late 2004 or early 2005. Many of those crimes remain unsolved, and none are connected to the current case.

In this case, the victims' skeletal remains were found dumped in 2012 in fields in the Juarez valley, east of the city. The remains were so decomposed that authorities originally thought there were 12 victims. Most were young.
Prosecutors followed the trail of victims, many of who disappeared in 2009 or 2010 after having gone to apply for jobs at stores, to a hotel in Ciudad Juarez where the women were apparently held and forced to work as prostitutes. The culprits allegedly them when they became troublesome.

------------------
Washington: The American who became the country`s youngest convicted murderer at age 12 was released from prison Tuesday after serving 16 years for killing his father`s girlfriend.

Curtis Jones, now 29, was convicted with his 13-year-old sister Catherine Jones, and sent to prison in 1999.
He was released from Florida`s South Bay Correctional Facility at 7:00 am (1100 GMT), a spokeswoman for the prison told AFP.
In 1999, the Jones children became the youngest people prosecuted as adults for murder in the United States after they confessed to killing their father`s girlfriend, Sonya Nicole Speights.
Original reports said they killed her out of jealousy, but documents seen by news website Florida Today suggested it was because they had been sexually abused by another male relative.
They allegedly planned to kill their father and Speights because they thought the two were ignoring their plight.
But after shooting Speights, the children became frightened and hid in the family home, where they were arrested the next day.

Jones will be on probation until the end of his life, according to the terms of his sentencing. His sister is scheduled to be released shortly.
Jones is now an ordained minister, according to US media.

------------------
London: A Cambridge professor has made an astonishing claim that three leading British scientists studying the melting Arctic ice may have been murdered by hitmen within the space of a few months in the year 2013.

Peter Wadhams, professor of ocean physics, in an interview with promise of confidentiality, also said that he believe that he too was targeted but had a narrow escape.
The professor suspects that the deaths of the three scientists were more than just an extraordinary coincidence.
However, some reports say that Wadhams has complained to Independent Press Standards Organissation (IPSO) claiming that his scientific reputation was damaged after breach of confidentiality by The Times reporter to whom he had given the interview wherein he had made the disclosure.
As per a report published in The Guardian, the professor claims that he has been inaccurately quoted in the story published, but the The Times maintains that it stands by it story and even has Wadhams on record making the revelations.
Professor Laxon, 49, a director of the Centre for Polar Observation at University College London, was at a New Year's Eve party in Essex when he fell down a flight of stairs and died.

Meanwhile oceanographer Dr Boyd, 54, was out walking his dogs near his home in Port Appin, Argyll, western Scotland, in January 2013 when he was struck by lightning and killed instantly.
Just months later in April, Dr Giles, 35, was cycling to work at UCL where she lectured when she was hit by a tipper truck in Victoria, central London, and died.

------------------
New Delhi: Amid its standoff with the Delhi Police, the AAP government will discuss threadbare the issue of women security and propose setting up of a Commission of Enquiry to probe alleged police inaction in cases of sexual harassment, during a special session of the Assembly on Tuesday.

The Delhi Cabinet last week had decided to present the proposal in the Assembly to set up the Commission to probe those cases which were not investigated despite introduction of a stringent anti-rape law in February 2013.
The decision to hold the Special Session of the Assembly came amid escalating confrontation between the AAP government and the Delhi Police following brutal murder of 19-year-old girl in Anand Parbat area on July 16.
The AAP government has been accusing the police of taking the case "lightly", saying her life could have been saved if her complaint against the accused was taken seriously.
It had said the Commission of Enquiry, to be set up under the Commission of Inquiry Act, will receive complaints from victims of sexual harassment or stalking or voyeurism in whose cases appropriate action has not been taken, since February 2013 when the new law was introduced.
The Commission is likely to be asked to suggest amendments to CrPC, if any required, on the basis of the complaints and recommend if action ought to be taken against officers in cases of "gross negligence or collusion".
The Delhi Police and AAP government were on a collision course.
Last week, Deputy Chief Minister Manish Sisodia had said Delhi has become a "police state" while accusing the police of "mercilessly" beating up AAP workers during a protest in Anand Parbat area on July 21.

Bassi had retaliated by saying that it would be a "very unfortunate" day in the history of the capital if the Delhi Police comes under the city government and that its functioning under the Centre's jurisdiction was "perfect".
The AAP has been pressing for bringing the Delhi Police under the city government.

------------------
Mathura:A local court here has sentenced a woman and her son-in-law to life imprisonment for murdering her husband nine years ago.

Additional District and Sessions Judge ID Dubey yesterday awarded life imprisonment to Geeta and her son-in-law Sanju for murder of her husband Prem Singh in Badangarh village, District Government Counsel Virendra Lavania said.
The court also imposed a fine of Rs 10,000 on both of them.
On January 12, 2006, Prem Singh was found dead by his father, Bhagat Singh, who had gone to his room to wake him up in the morning, Lavaniya said.

According to the deceased's father, Geeta had married Prem after?the death of her first husband, with whom she had three children, the DGC said.
A dispute arose between the couple when Geeta insisted on selling a plot?belonging to Prem to pay for the marriage of her son from the first marriage but he refused.

------------------

------------------
Stockholm: Swedish prosecutors today announced the arrest of two Swedes suspected of committing murder in war-torn Syria, in the nation's first such detentions since the conflict erupted in 2011.

Aged 30 and 32, the two men "are Swedish citizens and live in Gothenburg" in the west of the country, said Ronnie Jacobsson, the prosecutor heading the investigation into "terrorist crimes" in Syria.
The two are suspected of committing murder in Syria in 2013, two years after the outbreak of a revolt that morphed into a civil war.
Police are now on the hunt for a third suspect whose nationality has not been specified.
"It is the first time in Sweden that people have been arrested in an investigation into terrorist crimes in Syria," said Sirpa Franzen, spokeswoman of Sweden's security services, known as Sapo.
In a joint operation with the police, Sapo also carried out searches in the Gothenburg area where the two men were arrested early Thursday.

Prosecutors and Franzen refused to reveal any further details about the accusations.
In February, a Syrian refugee in Sweden was sentenced to five years' prison for war crimes in his country, where he had tortured a fighter loyal to President Bashar al-Assad. 

------------------
New Delhi: The Supreme Court on Thursday allowed state governments to exercise its powers of remission to release life convicts with a rider that this will not apply to cases probed by central agencies like CBI and for those incarcerated under central laws such as TADA.

Lifting its stay imposed over a year back, the apex court said relaxation would also not apply where the convict has been awarded life term in sexual offence cases of rape and murder.
A five-judge Constitution bench headed by Chief Justice H L Dattu, made it clear that "this interim order" would not be applicable in the Rajiv Gandhi assassination case in which the Centre's plea against the Tamil Nadu Government's decision to grant remission for release of the seven life convicts is under consideration.
"We make it clear that our order is not applicable in this case (Rajiv Gandhi assassination case). Our interim order is subject to the final order we pass in the matter," the bench, also comprising Justices F M I Kalifulla, Pinaki Chandra Ghosh, Abhay Manohar Sapre and U U Lalit said.
The apex court modified its July 9, 2014 order by which it had restrained all states from exercising power of remission for releasing life convicts from jail in the wake of the controversy triggered by the Tamil Nadu Government decision to grant remission for release of three such convicts, V Sriharan alias Murugan, Santhan and Arivu -- whose death sentence in the Rajiv Gandhi case was commuted to life term by it on February 18, 2014.
The apex court had on February 20,2014 stayed the Tamil Nadu government's February 19 decision to release them along with four other convicts Nalini, Robert Pious, Jayakumar and Ravichandran saying there were procedural lapses on the part of the state.
The restoration of the states' power of remission under sections 432, 433 of CrPC to release life convicts may be used for considering relief for those life convicts who have undergone prison term of 14 or more years.
While specifying the conditions, the bench said such power cannot be exercised in cases in which prison terms are specified to continue till the end of the lives.
Further, the Constitution bench said remission cannot be considered in cases where it is clearly stated that a life convict has to serve in jail for a specified period like 20 to 25 years.
It also made it clear that state's power of remission can be exercised in cases where investigation was not conducted by any central probe agency like CBI.
While modifying the blanket stay on the power of remission by the state government, the apex court said it would not be applicable or extended to those prisoners who were sentenced to life imprisonment under central laws such as TADA and for gruesome crime of rape with murder.
In all such cases where the states are now permitted to release prisoners, the President and the Governors would also exercise their constitutional power to grant pardon or mercy, it said.
The bench said its interim order will apply where no application for commutation is preferred or considered suo motu by the state government.
The modification in the July 9,2014 order was considered after taking note of the response of some states which had responded to the notices served to them.
The bench is seized with the contentious issue of whether the Centre's nod was needed in granting remission in cases investigated and prosecuted by central agencies like CBI.
The Centre has maintained that state governments have no power to grant remission in cases investigated and probed by central agencies like CBI and there was also a need to look into the rights of the victims.
The bench had also made it clear that it would not go beyond the questions which were framed in the Reference.
The apex court had referred the case to the Constitution Bench saying this issue has been raised for the first time before the court and an authoritative pronouncement is required on the matter which could have wide ramifications.
It had said that the Constitution bench will also decide whether the sentence of a prisoner, whose death penalty has been commuted to life, can be remitted by government.
The Constitution bench will also decide whether life imprisonment meant jail term for rest of the life or a convict has a right to claim remission.

It will also decide whether a special category of sentence may be made for cases where death penalty might be substituted by the punishment of imprisonment for life or imprisonment for a term in excess of fourteen years and to put that category beyond application of remission.
It will also decide whether the Union or the State has primacy over the subject matter enlisted in concurrent list of Seventh Schedule of the Constitution for exercise of power of remission. 

------------------
Thane:With the arrest of three women including a family member, Kalyan Railway Police on Thursday claimed to have solved a case of suspected human sacrifice involving a 12-year-old boy, whose body was recovered from Khadavli river in Kasara here.

On Monday, the body of Daksh Kanjode was found from the river here after local fishermen spotted it and informed the police.
The body was found dumped in the river wrapped in a plastic bag tied to a bucket.
A through probe into the crime led the police to the victim's step mother Lata Kanjode, who allegedly along with two other relatives killed the minor by strangulating him with a rope.
Later, the trio transported the body packed in a bucket by train to Kasara in the wee hours of July 1, which was found early this week.
Apart from Lata Kanjode (35), her sister Varsha Jadhav (25) and sister-in-law Latika Jadhav (30) were arrested in connection with the case.
According to the boy's maternal uncle, who lived nearby and had lodged a missing complaint with local police on July 9, the trio were often seen performing late night rituals but was unaware for their purpose and motives.
"We are now trying to find out if the boy's father was in anyway involved in the crime," said API M K Dhakane of Kalyan Railway Police.
According to police, this was the third marriage of the boy's father, Ramdas Kanjode. His first wife died in 2010 after which he re-married. Subsequently, his second wife too deserted him following which he tied the knot with accused Lata.
Police had earlier registered a case under Section 363 (kidnapping) of IPC after the boy went missing.

Later, when his body was found a case under sections 302, 201, 120B and 182 of the IPC was registered, police said.
The trio was presented in the court yesterday and have been remanded into police custody till July 30, the officer said, adding that they are probing into the human sacrifice angle too.

------------------
Greater Noida: A woman along with her paramour allegedly attempted to murder her husband by hanging him at Jewar, police said.

According to the complaint by the victim's brother, the wife of Zulfikar had illicit relationship with a man from her village due to which there used to be frequent arguments between the couple, police said.
On Tuesday night, his wife and her paramour attempted to kill him in the jhuggi but he survived after falling on the ground when the rope broke, they said.
As he was unconscious, his wife thought he was dead and she eloped with her lover.
Yesterday, when the villagers found him unconscious, he was taken to the hospital, they further said.

Police said a manhunt has been launched to arrest the accused.
Zulifikar's condition was stable by tonight, police said. PTI

------------------
Raipur: As many as 22,949 cases of exploitation of women have been registered in Chhattisgarh in past four years, state Home Minister Ramsewak Paikra informed the Assembly on Wednesday.

In a written reply to a question of Congress MLA Mohan Markam, the Minister stated that 22,949 cases of women exploitation, 259 of gang-rape, and 4,083 of murder, 1,598 dacoity, 35,361 of theft and 3,782 cases of cheating were registered between 2011 and 2014 in the state.
The maximum 5,668 cases of women exploitation were recorded in Durg district during this period followed by Bilaspur (2,625), Raipur (2,105), Raigarh (1,158), Balodabazar (1,012) and Mahasamund (930), the Minister replied.

Similarly, of the 259 gang-rape cases, 22 were registered in Surajpur district, 21 each in Bilaspur and Jashpur, 20 in Korba, 19 in Raipur, 16 in Raigarh and 15 each in Balrampur and Koriya, the reply mentioned.
Out of the total 68,032 cases of women exploitation, gang-rape, murder, dacoity, theft and cheating, 72,590 accused have been arrested in 41,283 cases while 1,581 accused are absconding in 483 cases, Paikra added. 

------------------
Thane: A local builder was brutally killed allegedly by two youths in Ambernath township near here, police said on Wednesday.

The murder took place yesterday when the victim Akilesh Patil, 35, was returning from a construction site in his two-wheeler, Sub Inspector MS Jadhav of the Shivaji Nagar police station told PTI.
The duo attacked Patil with a chopper inflicting several wounds on the victim, killing him on the spot, police said.
After the incident, the youths fled the scene on the two-wheeler belonging to the victim.
The body of the victim had been sent for postmortem.

An offence under sections 302, 342 and 120 B of the IPC was registered against the duo but the motive behind the killing has still not been established.
Police have launched a manhunt for the killer duo, Jadhav added.

------------------
Erode: A local court has sentenced a 23-year-old Sri Lankan Tamil refugee to life imprisonment for murdering a college student two years back.

According to the prosecution, Gajendran, staying at a refugee camp at Eanchampalli, 25 km from here, waylaid the 20-year-old student Chellapandy and beat him to death with an iron rod on July 3, 2013.

Gajendran had fallen in love with a girl in the camp but she rebuffed his advances as she was in love with the student, her cousin, it said.
Delivering the verdict yesterday, Principal District Judge GP Elango sentenced Gajendran to life term for the murder and also three years rigorous imprisonment for hiding evidence by throwing the body into a well. He ordered that both the sentences would run concurrently.

------------------

------------------
New Delhi: The AAP on Tuesday alleged laxity on the part of the Delhi Police in investigating the murder case of a 19-year-old girl even as it stepped up its demand to hand over the control of the law enforcing agency to the state government.

Reading out the copy of the FIR, the party's Delhi unit convenor Dilip Pandey accused the police of naming just one accused in its report, even when "three people including the mother of those who stabbed the girl were involved".
"The FIR has name of just one accused. Why has the police not named the second accused in the case and their mother? Is the police hiding something? Have they taken bribe in the case?" said Pandey.
Incidentally, the party appeared to be unaware that two people have been arrested in the case. While the main accused was arrested after the incident his brother, who was earlier detained by the police, was arrested on July 18.
The party also alleged that there were several people who were present at the time of the incident, but the Delhi Police said there was no one who witnessed the event.
"The police is expected to take their custody. But in this case, they allowed the accused to be sent to judicial custody. This shows that the police is not serious in pursuing the case," he said.
Pandey slammed Delhi Police Commissioner and alleged that during the meeting with chief minister Arvind Kejriwal, BS Bassi had said the girl "provoked" the incident which was "shameful". He also cited a Parliamentary Standing Committee report, which he claimed, has made sharp observations about the functioning of the Delhi Police.

The party also renewed its demand to hand over the control of the Delhi Police to the state government.
Incidentally, the AAP and the Delhi Police have been at loggerheads, and has increased its attack on the law enforcing agency after the arrest of its two MLAs, including former law minister Jitendra Singh Tomar.

------------------
New Delhi: A 38-year-old woman was found strangled to death at her home here -- in the presence of her wailing three-year-old daughter, police said on Tuesday.

"Usha Jha was found gagged and her hands were tied to her chest. The house had been ransacked. It might be a case of a robbery gone wrong," a police officer told IANS.
The incident took place in west Delhi's Uttam Nagar area. Police suspect it happened between 3 and 5.30 pm on Monday.
"Her nephew Anshu had gone to meet her and found the front door locked from outside. He went in and found her body and her three-year-old daughter crying. He raised an alarm and informed us and the neighbours," he said.

The woman was rushed to a hospital where doctors declared her dead. Jha's husband Santosh works as an accountant with a private firm in Gurgaon.
"The assailants had tried to open the lockers but could not," he added.

------------------
Agra: In a horrifying incident which reveals the pathetic law and order situation in Uttar Pradesh, a Dalit woman was gang-raped and murdered at Malpura in Agra.

Police have still to ascertain when the crime took place. A team set up by DIG Agra Lakshmi Singh had found partially burnt parts of the woman's body in Kakua village on the Gwalior Highway on Sunday.
A number of condoms were also found at the spot, which was only 200 metres from the police post.
According to The Times of India, the victim has been identified as Hema, who was in her 40s and hailed from Jhansi district.
She had been living in an under-construction colony, 'Om Garden', in the village with her husband Hemraj and 12-year-old daughter. The family worked as guards at the site since 2011.
The victim, along with her husband and daughter, had gone to Jhansi a few days ago, but returned alone. When her husband and daughter came back on Saturday, they found the door of their house locked from outside.
The daily quoted villagers as saying that Hemraj had climbed the roof of the house, to find his wife's charred body, which was further spoiled due to rain.
The DIG was later told that Hemraj was being stopped from taking the matter to police by the village headman and others. The men reportedly forcibly set ablaze the remaining body parts, and tried to convince Hemraj and his daughter to return to Jhansi.

"Blood stains were seen far from spot of the crime, indicating that the woman had struggled. Condoms were recovered, so there is reason to suspect she was raped before being killed. Villagers told us the woman was a Dalit. Forensic reports and post-mortem examinations will throw light on how long ago the murder occurred," Lakshmi Singh, DIG Agra range, told the daily.
The police have registered an FIR in the case. Ten people have been named in the FIR, including owners of the colony and the village headman, for rape, murder and concealing evidence.

------------------
Ritu Singh

Do you know the most complex object in the entire cosmos? Neuroscientist David Eagleman has the perfect answer to it- ''Of all the objects in the universe, the human brain is the most complex.Yes, the human brain is unbounded and free and can delve into undetectable territories which you can't even think of! Speaking of such territories which can border on being absolutely weird and bizarre, the case of serial-killers particularly is gripping.
Recently, we heard about the case of the 24-year-old man, Ravinder Kumar who has been accused of being a rapist and serial killer and has confessed to killing around 15 children. The man while confessing, mind you, showed so signs of remorse and said had he not been caught, he would have continued targeting children. So what is it that motivates such people to continue doing such heinous deeds? Are they mentally unstable? No is the answer as most mass murderers are known to have very high IQs and their acts are neither random nor unplanned. Most of the acts committed are not impulsively driven but are carefully concocted.
Dr. Helen Morrison who has been studying serial killers for years has interviewed 135 such people in total and offers some profound insight into this matter.
"No matter what country, ethnicity, race, socio-economic background, education, familial background, they are all exactly the same," she says. All the serial-killers have shocking similarities regardless of how different their lives may be.
It's some sort of some sort of intrinsic thrill that they derive through killing people. They are not mad but have a fractured psyche which is incapable of connecting their crimes with the consequences, and often proclaim no memory of the murders. These people harbour shifting personalities and are missing large parts of their humanity. No one kills someone without any agenda, but serial-killers tend to go on a killing spree just for excitement. While these people are intelligent enough to pretend to live a normal life, they completely lack empathy.
Besides that, most serial killers are fluent liars, often protest against the injustice of their incarceration and are unable to understand that they did anything wrong.
According to Morrison, the typical serial killer traits include:
Another psychologist has something else to offer. He said it's, "almost like a god complex that they have the ability to kill somebody and watch them die. There's some type of thrill in doing that."
Another common indicator of possible serial killing behavior is killing animals. They may provoke, torture, or even kill cats, dogs, and other animals. Even after seeing the results of their actions, the person will show no form of regret or remorse. Young people who develop a serious tendency towards voyeurism may be displaying an early indication of psychopathic tendencies.
As said above, such people carefully and methodically plan their first crime and the satisfaction that they get from killing as well the fact that they go scott-free motivates them to go on a killing rampage. They seem to enjoy the attention and notoriety that comes along with it. Often when they hear news reports about themselves or watch themselves being talked about on TV, they derive some sense of self-worth.

The insatiable lust for power and attention is what dominates the mind of such a person. A person who is of a high intellect but feels alienated and isolated from others and fails to receive normal gratification either from their work or family tends to seek fame and power through killing. Killing is a way to get a feeling of control and recognition that he/she could not get otherwise.
Surely this abnormal psychological gratification is hard to decipher and has been one of the most bewildering conundrums that the world is grappling with! 

------------------

------------------
Mau: A Samajwadi Party worker was shot dead by some unidentified persons near Bhawanipur Chatti in Chiraiyakot area here, police said Monday.

The incident happened last night when some unidentified persons shot 38-year-old Vinay Chaubey while he was returning home, Circle officer, Mohammadabad Rakesh Kumar Mishra said.

Chaubey sustained five bullet injuries and was rushed to hospital where doctors declared him brought dead.
An FIR has been lodged in this connection but no arrests have so far been made.

------------------
Mumbai: An Army jawan was killed when two youths allegedly snatched his service weapon and shot him in Bhusawal in North Maharashtra, police said on Monday.

The incident occurred at Bajarpeth in Bhusawal of Jalgaon district last night after an altercation between the Armyman and the youth.
The two suspects, in their 20s, have been arrested and case registered under section 302 of IPC, a police official said over phone from Bhusawal.

The 32-year-old jawan Shaikh Aquil Shaikh Rehman was a resident of Bhusawal and had gone to an adjacent locality where he got into a quarrel with the two youths, police said.
"The Armyman then took out his service pistol which the youth snatched from him and shot him on his hand and abdomen. He was rushed to the civil hospital at Jalgaon where he was declared dead," the official said. 

------------------
Vijayawada:In a gruesome incident, a man allegedly killed his wife and infant child by setting them on fire in Chittinagar area here on Saturday.


Inspector M Durga Rao told PTI that Akula Rajendra (26) killed his wife Roja and the couple's seven-month old baby by setting them on fire after pouring petrol on them at the family's residence at around 2 pm.
The mother and the child were declared dead upon arrival at local nursing home. Police were looking for Rajendra who fled after the act.

------------------
London: A 30-year-old Pakistani man here has been sentenced to life imprisonment for stabbing to death his European wife after she refused to help him secure British residency.

Jamshaid Khan, before stabbing 14 times his Bulgarian wife Milena Yulianova, had tried to find other eastern European women on Facebook to help his residency bid by claiming that Yulianova had died in a car crash.
Khan had repeatedly failed in his "desperate" attempts to be allowed to stay in the UK despite his marriage to European citizen Yulianova, 27, the guardian reported yesterday.
When she refused to help his latest bid for permanent residency, he stabbed her 14 times at his home in Forest Gate, east London, in January last year, the court heard.
Khan denied murder and claimed that he had acted in self- defence after his wife of 15 months produced the knife during a row. But the jury found him guilty of murder at the Old Bailey in London on Monday.
Khan must serve a minimum of 20 years. Sentencing him yesterday, judge Stephen Kramer QC said, "I am satisfied you are a manipulative, devious and deceitful man who wriggled and writhed your way through the trial".
"Whether or not the marriage was a marriage of convenience and a sham from the outset, I am satisfied by 2013 you wanted Milena's help to further your application for permanent residency in this country.

"While the marriage existed in 2014, you were already looking for other eastern European women who you thought could help. You were chatting with them on Facebook. You told one of the women on Facebook that Milena had died in a car accident. Those conversations indicate you were already contemplating you might feel the need to replace her," the judge said.
As a result of his murder conviction, he is likely to be deported to Pakistan upon his release.

------------------
New York: A 35-year-old registered US sex offender was arrested Friday in Maine on suspicion of killing two men, shooting three people and kidnapping a woman in an overnight crime spree.

Anthony Lord was arrested at his uncle`s home in the town of Houlton. He was charged with two counts of murder and one count of kidnapping, police said.
Additional charges are likely to be added later.
He allegedly kidnapped Brittany Irish, 22, who was found with him when he was arrested. He shot dead her boyfriend Kyle Hewitt, 22, and injured her 55-year-old mother Kim Irish, police said.
The other dead man was identified as Kevin Tozier, 58.
All three injured shooting victims are expected to survive.
A sixth person was assaulted inside his home, police said.
Lord is on the Main Sex Offenders Register for life for an unlawful sexual contact offense.
The victims were shot in three different northern Maine towns -- Lee, Benedicta and Silver Ridge -- near the border with Canada.

Maine detectives will work throughout the weekend at the crime scenes, and autopsies will be carried out on the two dead bodies, police said.
A logging truck, believed to have been stolen by Lord was also discovered.

------------------
Ghaziabad:A man was arrested here for stabbing his wife and her brother over a domestic issue, police said on Friday.

Bobby was angry with his wife as she was staying at her parental home for a long time and refused to come along with him.

He, along with his accomplices, attacked her and her brother when they were returning from work late Thursday night, police said.
"We have registered a case and arrested Bobby. His accomplices managed to flee and a hunt is on to nab them," said Inspector Upendra Yadav.

------------------
New Delhi: In a shocking incident of crime against women, a 19-year-old girl was stabbed to death by two youths in Delhi'sAnand Parbat area, police said on Friday.


The horrific murder took place on Thursday when Meenakshi, a Class XI student, had gone to market where she was allegedly stabbed 35 times on face, chest and stomach for resisting eve teasingby accusedJaiprakash and his brother.
Media reports say that the girl, accompanied by her mother, was chased by the men when she ran to save her life and entered a balcony where she was stabbed repeatedly till she was unconscious.
Her mother was also injured while trying to save her, he added.
Both were taken to the Ram Manohar Lohia Hospital, where Meenakshi died from her injuries, police said.
In 2013, the woman had reportedly filed a complaint with the police against the two accused, also a molestation case was filed against the two men under section 354.

Police said that both the attackers have been arrested and investigation is now underway.
(With IANS inputs)

------------------
Charleston: A white man charged with killing nine black parishioners at a South Carolina church will stand trial next July, a judge ruled during a brief hearing on Thursday.

Judge J.C. Nicholson set a July 11, 2016, trial date for Dylann Roof, 21, who faces multiple charges, including nine counts of murder and three counts of attempted murder stemming from the June 17 shootings.
Roof sat quietly during the proceedings in a gray-striped prison jump suit in a courtroom crowded with about 100 people. He was presented copies of the indictments and public defender Ashley Pennington told the judge he would not seek bond at this time "based on the totality of the circumstances."
The judge called Roof a flight risk, noting he was arrested in Shelby, North Carolina, about 250 miles (400 kilometers) away, the day after the parishioners were shot to death during a Bible study at Emanuel African Methodist Episcopal Church.
Following the hearing, a document was filed signed by the judge denying bond on the grounds that Roof is a flight risk and an unreasonable danger to the community.

Federal authorities have not said whether they will pursue hate crime charges against Roof, although Justice Department officials have said they broadly agree the shootings meet the legal requirements for a hate crime.
Solicitor Scarlett Wilson, the local prosecutor, said the case "has the potential for a capital case" although the state has not yet said if it is seeking the death penalty.

------------------
Ara: Unidentified armed persons Thursday accosted a liquor trader in Bhojpur district of Bihar and shot him dead, a police official said.

The incident happened near Maharaja College under Nawada police station of the district and the deceased has been identified as Dinesh Kumar Singh, a resident of Bindgama under Koilwar police station in the district. He was an accused in a murder case in Jharkhand and had recently come out from jail on bail.

Nawada Station House Officer (SHO) P K Jha said, "Singh was returning from Ara town to his village today morning when armed criminals on three motorcycles accosted him and fired indiscriminately. He died on the spot."
The police has registered an FIR and is conducting raids to identify and nab the persons involved in the crime. The dead body has been sent for post-mortem.

------------------
New Delhi:A guard working at a public school and his brother were found murdered in the school premises near Lt Governor Najeeb Jung's residence this morning and Rs 24,000 allegedly stolen from the principal's office, police said on Wednesday.

"Blood-stained bodies of the guard Sunil (40) and his brother Anil (25) were recovered from the premises of United Christian Senior Secondary School on Raj Niwas marg this morning," a senior police official said.
"It seems they were tied with rope and attacked with a rod," he said, adding, "Sunil's body was found lying on a cot and Anil's body on the floor".
Police is suspecting it to be a case of robbery as lock of the principal's office has been found broken.

"Prima facie it appears to be a case of robbery as the lock has been found broken and the principal has reported Rs 24,000 cash missing," police said.
DCP North Madhur Verma said, "Police officials are at the spot and are investigating the issue. No concrete clue has been found yet about the accused".

------------------
Meerut: An 18-year-old girl was strangulated to death allegedly by her father, who was apparently upset over her behaviour of repeatedly running away from home in Mobin Nagar area here.

The 55-year-old accused, identified as Saeed, later surrendered before the police, and was arrested on Tuesday, following which he was sent to jail, police said.

The victim was the youngest of the six daughters of Saeed, who was unhappy over her repeatedly running away from home. She was lately gone again for a month, Lisadi Police Station In-charge Rabindra Singh today said.
And, yesterday, when she returned home, the father-daughter duo had a quarrel, during which, Saeed, in a fit of rage, strangulated her with a rope, he said.

------------------
Keonjhar/Bhubaneswar: In a gruesome act, six members of a tribal family including a couple and four children were today hacked to death at a remote village in Odisha's Keonjhar district by unknown attackers on suspicion of practising sorcery, police said.

The assailants attacked the family with sharp-edged weapons leaving the couple in their thirties and their four children dead at Munda Sahi under Joda police station limits, Sub-Divisional Police Officer (Badbil), A P Swain said.
The deceased were identified as Gura Munda (35), his wife Budhuni Munda (30), their sons Suduru Munda and Kashinath Munda and daughters Sambhari and Namita, police said.
Two other sons, Ganita Munda and Sambhu Munda, who were critically injured in the attack, were not in a state to speak, they said.
Director General of Police Sanjeev Marik said one suspect has been taken into custody in connection with the incident and efforts were on to nab others.
The two critically injured were found lying in a pool of blood and rushed to the hospital for treatment, he said.
Preliminary inquiry indicated that suspicion of sorcery and superstition might have provoked the attackers, the DGP said.
The probe into the incident has been accorded high priority and tagged as 'Red Flag'. Additional Director General of Police (Crime Branch) would monitor the case, which would be probed by the District Police till the prosecution stage, Marik said.
A DSP rank officer would conduct the inquiry to be monitored by the SP, he said.
A case has been registered under sections 302 and 34 of the IPC. Provisions of Odisha Prevention of Witch Hunting Act would also be applied, senior police officers said.

Forensic experts and scientific team visited the site as part of the investigation, while different objects used in the crime were seized, the SDPO said adding investigation was in progress and the bodies were sent to the district headquarters hospital for post-mortem.
The remote village wore a deserted look in the aftermath of the incident as male members fled apparently fearing police action.

------------------
Mussoorie: Police on Monday recovered and seized the rifle and about 100 rounds of bullets which were allegedly used by an ITBP constable to kill his officer and shoot at another colleague at the prestigious IAS Academy last week.

Officials said the accused trooper Chandra Shekhar, who was arrested in Chandigarh yesterday, took the police to the Murray pump house area in the hill station area where he had hidden the Light Machine Gun (LMG) and around 100 rounds of ammunition.
"The weapon is suspected to have been used by Shekhar to kill his officer and injure others on July 10," a senior official said.
Shekhar was brought here on transit remand by Uttarakhand police from Chandigarh and officials said the recoveries were made early morning.

He is accused of killing his officer Subedar Surendra Lal and injuring another colleague who is recuperating at a hospital in Dehradun.
Following the incident, the Indo-Tibetan Border Police (ITBP) had decided to replace the unit guarding the academy with immediate effect.

------------------
New Delhi:The Home Ministry has handed over to CBI the probe into the gunning down of a businessman by police at a restaurant in the city nearly two months ago.

The family of Manoj Vashisht, who was shot dead by a team of special cell of the Delhi Police at a Sagar Ratna restaurant in Rajendra Nagar on May 16, had alleged that it was a fake encounter.
The case has been handed over to CBI, official sources said.
Vashisht's family had met Home Minister Rajnath Singh recently and urged him to transfer the probe from Delhi Police to CBI.
Uttar Pradesh Chief Minister Akhilesh Yadav had also assured the family of Vashisht, hailing from Baghpat, that he would write to the Home Minister for a CBI probe.
Vashisht, who was wanted in several cases of fraud and other crimes, was hit by a bullet in the gun-fight with an eight-member team of special cell. He was taken to a nearby hospital where he was declared brought dead.
CCTV footage of the encounter which was released by the police shows two policemen getting into a scuffle with Vashishth before he slumps after being shot.
Police had claimed that seeing him firing shots from his licenced revolver, a constable had fired on him in a bid to incapacitate him which led to his death.

However, Vashishth's wife Priyanka and other family member had alleged that he was killed in a fake encounter.
Immediately after the incident, a special investigative team was formed by the Delhi Police to find out the circumstances leading to the gun-fight. A separate vigilance inquiry was also being conducted by the Delhi Police.

------------------
Kannur:Senior Kerala CPI-M leader P. Jayarajan, who was questioned by the CBI last month, has applied for an anticipatory bail in the murder case of a RSS activist, a party official said on Saturday.

The bail application has been filed at a court in Tellichery and it will come up for hearing on Monday, the official in Kannur told IANS.
"Jayarajan is currently recuperating at a hospital here after he underwent angioplasty yesterday (Friday)," said the official.
He was questioned for over four hours by the Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) last month in connection with the murder of Kathirur Manoj last year.
The latest move came after four CPI-M workers was arrested by the CBI on Thursday.
Jayarajan, 62, currently on bail in the another murder case, is the Kannur district secretary of the CPI-M and also a former legislator.
Manoj, one of the people accused of making an unsuccessful bid on the life of Jayarajan in 1999, was attacked by a seven-member gang on September 1, 2014, in Kathirur near Kannur.

His assailants first threw a bomb on the RSS activist`s vehicle and later hacked him to death.
Kerala Police probed the case that was later handed over to the CBI to look into the conspiracy angle. So far, 20 people have been arraigned as accused.

------------------
Lucknow: The family of controversial former minister Amarmani Tripathi's daughter-in-law, who died in a road accident Thursday, suspected a foul play in the mishap on Friday and sought a CBI probe into it.


"The manner in which Sara (27) was killed in a road accident in Sirsaganj area of Firozabad yesterday raises suspicion and we demand a CBI inquiry into it," her sister Neeti told reporters here.
Niti said that the fact that her sister died in the accident but her brother-in-law escaped unhurt raises doubt.
Alleging that the accident appears to be a part of some "planned conspiracy" which can be revealed only through a CBI probe, Niti said that the family also wants second post mortem examination.
The mother of the deceased also expressed apprehension that her daughter might have become a target of some "big conspiracy" and sought an inquiry.
"I want the police to act in an impartial manner...It is important that I am satisfied with it (probe)," she said.
Sara was killed when the car in which she was travelling overturned and fell into a pit in Firozabad district while her husband Amanmani miraculously escaped unhurt.
Incidentally, Amanmani was evading police as he was wanted in the kidnapping and loot from a contractor in Lucknow. He was arrested after the accident.
According to SSP, Lucknow, Rajesh Pandey, when the police went for his arrest after the accident he tried to hide his identity.
"Amanmani and his goons clashed with media persons who had come for coverage to a local hospital this afternoon where he was taken for tests and also broke camera of a TV channel," he said.
Amanmani's father Amarmani Tripathi, a former minister is an influential politician from Eastern Uttar Pradesh who is currently serving a life sentence in the Madhumita Shukla murder case.

Tripathi was arrested in September 2003 in connection with the murder of poet Madhumita Shukla, with whom he allegedly had an affair, and who was murdered on 9 May 2003.
The post mortem report of Madhumita revealed that she was carrying a foetus that matched the DNA of Amarmani and he and his wife Madhumani Tripathi were sentenced to life imprisonment in October 2007.

------------------
Istanbul: Turkish authorities have detained a 28-year-old woman for murdering her husband out of "honour" after he repeatedly beat her and tried to force her into prostitution, reports said on Friday.

Cilem Karabulut admitted in testimony to police killing her husband Hasan Karabulut, 33, in the southern Adana region with a pistol stored at home.
"Why do women always have to be killed? Men can also be killed. I killed for honour," the Hurriyet daily quoted her as saying in her testimony to the police.
The cause has sparked huge media attention in Turkey, in particular because of the defiant demeanour of Cilem Karabulut as she was taken to court yesterday handcuffed by two female police officers.
Giving the thumbs up sign, she wore a T-shirt emblazoned with a slogan in English: "Dear Past, thanks for all the lessons. Dear Future, I am ready."
Reports said that the murder took place on Wednesday afternoon and Cilem Karabulut called the police to give herself up.
She said that her husband had repeatedly beaten her in the past and then ordered her to become a prostitute.
The pair had a one-and-a-half year old daughter but were already estranged at the time of the killing.
"I killed my husband because he constantly beat me and feared he would lead me to prostitution, drug crime and that he could kill me," Hurriyet quoted her as saying.
Turkish authorities acknowledge there is a grave problem of violence against women in the country, in particular with women killed by their husbands and close relatives.

Violence by women against their husbands is by contrast far rarer.
According to the non-governmental Platform to Stop Violence Against Women, 286 women were murdered in Turkey in 2014 and 160 so far in 2015. 

------------------
Chandauli (UP): Two people were shot deadallegedly by an assailant following a heated argument in Katsil village of Chandauli area here, police said on Wednesday.

Sujit Singh (48) and Manoj Singh (36) were gunned down by one Vijay last night after an argument over some issue, said Superintendent of Police Muniraj.

FIR against Vijay and two of his friends, who were also present on the spot, has been registered at Chandauli police station.
The matter is being investigated, they said.

------------------
Kanpur: A 32-year-old man, his wife and their five-year-old son were found dead with their throats slit at their home here in Uttar Pradesh, police said on Tuesday.

The incident took place in Perajor village on Monday night. The dead were identified as transporter Ram Sagar Singh, Sheela Singh, 30, and Hariksesh, 5.

The macabre incident came to light when neighbours noticed that no one had ventured out of their home on Tuesday. Some villagers saw the bodies in a pool of blood.
Police told a news agency that the way they were murdered reflected revenge killing.

------------------
Meerut: A woman was on Tuesday awarded life term by district court for killing her husband, an Army jawan, and burying the body in the bathroom of their house at Ganganagar locality here.

Justice Ramkishan Gautam pronounced Varsha guilty of murdering her husband on March 24, 2012 and imposed a fine of Rs 25,000, according to Public Prosecutor Anil Tomar.
According to police, Varsha had given sleeping pills to her husband Rajendra Patel and hacked him to death using a sharp weapon when he fell asleep.
She then dug a pit in bathroom, buried the corpse in it and plastered the surface, police said.

The incident came to light as Varsha had sold the house to Manju, who moved into this new residence on March 27.
Police dug the bathroom and recovered Patel's body on March 27, Tomar said, adding Varsha was arrested on the same day.

------------------
Tirunelveli: A woman and her daughter were found dead in their house near Chinnakokilankulam in this district on Monday.


Police said Isakkiammal (32) and her daughter Divya (6) were found dead with multiple hack injuries.
The DSP Lakshmanan said the husband of Isakkiammal, Venkatesh was absconding and they were looking for him.

------------------
Hardoi (UP): A lawyer has been arrested for allegedly killing the husband of a local corporator in Shahabad area here, police said on Monday.

Ramaknt Tripathi was arrested after he shot dead his neighbour Ram Sewak Rathore at Barua Bazar in Shahabad area last evening, they said.

Rathore is the husband of a local contractor, they said.
The matter is being investigated, police added.

------------------
Pathankot: The body of a 74-year-old man was allegedly found floating in a canal here, police said on Monday.

Daya Ram, a retired steno of Public Works Department (PWD) was found dead in Uppar Bari Doab Canal yesterday, they said.
The victim, a resident of Budha Nagar had gone for a walk on Friday but did not return home, police said.

The body was spotted by a villager, they said, adding that it has been sent for postmortem to the civil hospital.
A case has been registered in the matter, police said.

------------------
Muzaffarnagar: A 35-year-old wife of a temple priest, who had gone missing yesterday, was allegedly raped and murdered at Rajputana Majra village here.

The victim was missing since last evening after she left home for some work. She was today found strangulated and in a semi-nude condition in the field falling under Charthawal police station, police said.
All the signs indicate that the woman was first raped and then murdered, police said.

The body has been sent for postmortem, police said, adding, investigation is underway.
Meanwhile, angry locals protested and blocked the district's road for some time in connection with the incident, but were later pacified, police said.

------------------
Howrah (WB): A woman allegedlystrangulated her two-year-old son to death before committing suicide at Amta police station area of Howrah district, the police said.

It appeared that the woman, in her early 20s, used a pillow to kill her son and then tried to set herself on fire.
However, due to some reason, later hanged herself at her house in Milky Chowk locality, the police said.

Her husband is absconding while her parents-in-law were arrested.
The woman's mother complained to the police that her husband maintains an illicit relation with another woman which could be the reason behind the suicide.

------------------
Muzaffarnagar: A 35-year-old woman and wife of a temple priest, who had gone missing since yesterday, was allegedly raped and murdered at Rajputana Majra village here on Sunday.

The victim was missing since last evening after she left home for some work. She was today found strangulated to death in semi-nude condition on the field falling under Charthawal police station, police said.
All the signs indicate that the woman was first raped and then murdered, police said.

The body has been sent for postmortem, police said, adding investigation is underway.
Meanwhile, angry locals protested and blocked the district's road for some time in connection with the incident, but were later pacified, police said.

------------------
Thane: Navi Mumbai Police here claimed to have solved the case of abduction and murder of a Airoli girl with the arrest of her uncle, who killed the 8-year-old for revenge.

40-year-old Clarance Fonceca, a resident of Mira Road area here confessed to the revenge killing in a police interrogation on Thursday night, DCP Sahanji Umpa said.
The girl  Franshela Sophia Fransisco Vaz  whose body was found in a decomposed state in the jungles of Bhayander here two days ago, was a Class III student.
According to police, the girl's mother, Fonceca's sister-in-law, had given a tongue-lashing to him during a bitter family quarrel recently, and he wanted to avenge the humiliation.
On Monday evening, Fonceca, a sailor by profession, allegedly abducted his niece as she got down from her school bus in front of her residential building in Airoli. He asked her to get into his car, telling her that he had come to take her to his house in Mira Road as her mother too was there.
But he strangled the girl on Ghodbunder road, removed her uniform and school batch before dumping the body into a drain, police said.
As many as 11 teams were formed to find the girl after her mother lodged a complaint with Rabale police on Monday evening. Subsequently, cops zeroed in on Fonceca after suspecting that someone known to the family could be involved.

Police also relied on the eyewitness account of a 10-year-old boy from Sophia's neighbourhood who told police that he had seen the girl talking to a man near her Airoli building  Ekvira Darshan  and that she accompanied him in his car.
The accused after constant interrogation led the cops to the location where he had thrown the body, the DCP said.

------------------
Manila:Philippine police have filed murder charges against the owner and crew of a passenger ferry that capsized and left 56 dead, an official said Saturday.

The charges were filed late on Friday in the central city of Ormoc over the sinking of the Kim Nirvana ship, according to regional police head Chief Superintendent Asher Dolina.
An initial police investigation and interviews with survivors showed the vessel abruptly turned in waters off the central port of Ormoc on Thursday, causing it to capsize, Dolina told AFP.
"They were not careful, showing there was an intent to kill. They were reckless on purpose," Dolina said.
A total of nineteen people were charged, including ship operator Joge Bong Zarco, captain Warren Oliviero, and 17 crew members, according to Dolina.
Under Philippine law, murder is punishable by up to 40 years imprisonment.
The police investigation is separate from a coast guard inquiry, which will primarily determine the cause of the mishap.
However, the coast guard may also recommend criminal and administrative charges.

"We filed the charges as soon as we could because we don`t want the suspects to leave the country," Dolina said.
Fifty-six people were confirmed dead from the sinking, Ormoc city councillor Godiardo Ebcas told AFP.

------------------
Machilipatnam: Two minors and a woman have been arrested for their alleged involvement in the rape and murder of a three-year-old girl whose body was found dumped in a gunny bag in Vemulapalli village of Krishna district in the state, police said on Friday.

The three-year-old girl went missing on June 28 after which her body was found dumped in a field on June 29, Kanchakacherla police sub-inspector K Eswara Rao told PTI.
A 15-year-old boy and a 16-year-old boy from the same village, who confessed that they had sexually assaulted the minor girl, have been arrested, the police official said.

They confessed that based on the advise of a woman named M Rahela, who happens to be the mother of one of the accused, they strangulated the minor girl, stuffed her body in a gunny bag and dumped it in a field, the official said.
Kanchakacherla police have registered criminal cases against the accused under Section 302, Section 201, Section 376 (A and D), read with Section 341 of the Indian Penal Code, the police official said. 

------------------
Banka: An elderly couple was shot dead allegedly by distant relatives in a village under Bousi police station in Banka district, a police officer said on Friday.

Lalit Yadav (65) and Gedo Devi (60) was shot dead at Dwarbe village last night by unidentified relatives who suspected Devi of practising witchcraft, Banka SDPO Shashi Shankar said.
The assailants nursed an ill-will towards the couple ever since a child in their extended family died sometime back, he said.

The bodies have been sent for post-mortem, Shankar said, adding a probe was on in the matter.
The suspects have fled the village, the SDPO added.

------------------
Paris: A Frenchwoman accused of killing eight of her newborns over more than a decade has been sentenced to nine years in prison after a dramatic murder trial.

After deliberating a few hours in the northern city of Douai, the jury returned its verdict today half as long as the 18-year prison term prosecutors had asked for Dominique Cottrez, a 51-year-old married mother.
In the worst infanticide case in modern French history, the jury decided Cottrez's judgment was impaired at the time of the killings. They convicted her of seven counts of first-degree murder and one count of second-degree murder for the first baby she killed in 1989. The last was killed in 2000.
"She expressed her satisfaction, the relief of being heard for the first time, of being understood for the first time, of the possibility of being helped," said her lawyer, Franck Berton.
The new owner of the Cottrez house, in a village in northern France, found a body, called police and discovered a second baby buried in the garden. Then Cottrez revealed she had hidden other corpses in the garage, but she didn't know how many.
For more than four years, Cottrez convinced police investigators, psychiatric experts, the judge and lawyers of a false story that she had been raped by her father as a child and was involved with him in a long, incestuous relationship even while being married.
In court, she initially said she killed her babies because she feared they were the product of incest.

But on Monday, she confessed to the court she hadn't been raped by her father, her lawyers said. He died in 2007.
Cottrez' obesity hid the pregnancies, which apparently went unnoticed by her husband, children, neighbors and even doctors at a nearby hospital.

------------------
Belagavi: Opposition BJP on Thursday staged a walk out from the Karnataka Assembly, as government ruled out a CBI inquiry into the alleged murder of a youth in Koppal district who spoke against corruption, and gave a clean chit to district in charge Minister, accused of "shielding those involved in the case".

Responding to the issue raised by BJP, Home Minister K J George said "After taking note of slow progress in the case, Chief Minister has handed it over to Criminal Investigation Department (CID). Now they are investigating it. Our police are efficient to handle such cases."
The government has handed over about six cases to CBI, he said but "almost all the cases handed over to CBI have been delayed. Please believe our police and we will do justice."
Giving clean chit to District in charge Minister Shivaraj Tangadagi, he said till today he has not been named for his involvement in the case either in the complaint or by the investigating agencies.
"Even the investigating officer and local SP have informed they are under no pressure of any kind with respect to the case," he added.
Yellalinga (17), a first year Pre University student was allegedly murdered on January 11 for exposing irregularities and misuse of funds meant for laying road and drainage works in Kanakapur village under the Hulihyder Gram Panchayat. His body was found near a railway track.
Recently, CID had arrested a former Zilla Panchayat member Hanumesh Nayak in connection with the case.
BJP alleged Hanumesh Nayak to be a "right hand man" of Tangadagi. Opposition leader Jagadish Shettar questioned the delay in arresting Nayak and his associates despite having death note and complaint from the victim's family members naming them.
"Nayak enjoys Tangadagi's patronage, as he is his right hand man. He has fifteen to twenty criminal cases against him," Shettar alleged.

This lead to a heated argument between opposition and ruling party members. Tangadagi said,"I have not done anything wrong, nor have supported anyone who have committed a crime. Investigation is going on, truth will come out," he added.
Unhappy with the government's reply, BJP members trooped out of the House.

------------------
New Delhi: A murder accused, hailing from Bihar and running a dhaba in Karol Bagh area here with a fake identity, has been arrested by Delhi Police's crime branch.

The arrested, identified as Bharat Yadav, was wanted in connection with the gruesome murder of a youth in Bihar's Bhojpur district, Joint Commissioner of Delhi Police (Crime) Ravindra Yadav said today.
He was carrying a reward of Rs 15,000 on information leading to his arrest.
Several teams of Bihar Police had been on his trail but he kept changing his hideout frequently to evade arrest, said the police officer.
In Delhi, the accused had been running a dhaba in Karol Bagh area. He was arrested by a crime branch team from near Bhairon Temple at Pragati Maidan yesterday.

During interrogation, the accused revealed he had been running an illicit liquor trade in Bhojpur. And to avenge the killing of his nephew Hulchul in November last, he, along with his associates, murdered Bhuwar of rival gang on February 27 this year, the police officer said.
Afterwards, he escaped with his family to Delhi to evade arrest and was running a dhaba in Karol Bagh with fake identity, the police officer said, adding Bihar Police has been informed about his arrest.

------------------
Palghar: A 60-year-old woman was allegedly murdered by her nephew and his wife over a property dispute in Vikramgad taluka here, police said on Thursday.

The incident occurred last evening when the accused couple visited the woman, identified as Leela Gaikwad, at her residence in Mohan-Budruk Akhad Pada area and picked up a fight over a long-drawn property dispute, Sub-Inspector P S Naik of Vikramgad police station said.
They then kicked and thrashed the victim, who was a widow, and attacked her with a log of wood, following which she died on the spot, he said.

The body has been sent for post-mortem, Naik said.
The accused, who are absconding, have been identified as Manik Arjun Batra and Vimal Manik Batra, he said, adding that a case has been registered against them under relevant sections of IPC.

------------------
Berhampur: Six persons were arrested for alleged involvement in killing of a 50-year-old man suspecting him to be practising sorcery at Dhepaguda in Patapur area of Odisha's Ganjam district, police said on Thursday.

Nilanchal Mallick, Maguni Mallick, Jogi Mallick, Bharat Mallick, Dandapani Mallick and Prabhash Mallick were arrested yesterday for allegedly beating to death Prakash Mallick on Monday, said inspector-in charge, Patapur police station AK Barik.
After committing the crime, the accused persons disposed the body in the cremation ground, he said.

The accused persons suspected that Prakash was practising of sorcery when a 22-year-old woman died after a slip in the house. She was admitted at MKCG Medical College and Hospital here and succumbed her injured on Monday.
The accused persons alleged that the woman died due to sorcery practised by Prakash, police said.

------------------
Tunis:The trial opened Tuesday of 24 people accused of links to the 2013 assassination of prominent Tunisian opposition figure Chokri Belaid, against the backdrop of last week`s jihadist beach massacre.

Almost 200 lawyers, as well as police in plainclothes and journalists, attended the hearing, as dozens of people protested outside, chanting: "Tunisia is free! Terrorism out!"
To avoid the crowds, the session was held in a hall on the first floor of the Palace of Justice in Tunis, rather than in a main courtroom.
"We will find out today whether or not justice will be served. There will be signs on whether there is a will to serve justice," Belaid`s widow Basma Khalfaoui told AFP.
Belaid, who was gunned down outside his home on February 6, 2013, was a staunch leftwing critic of the then ruling Ennahda party, a moderate Islamist movement.
The suspects, one of them being tried in absentia, face several charges, including "incitement to commit terrorist crimes" and "membership of groups linked to a terrorist organisation", one of their lawyers said.
They are also suspected of providing information and funds to people known for "terrorist activity", as well as weapons and explosives to others with links to "terrorists".
Belaid`s murder triggered deadly protests and a political crisis that brought down Islamist prime minister Hamadi Jebali.
Five months later, Tunisia plunged into further crisis with the murder of another opposition figure, Mohamed Brahmi.
Jihadists claimed both killings and the authorities announced in February 2014 that Belaid`s assassin had been killed in a police raid on "terrorist" suspects.

But Belaid`s family has repeatedly demanded the full truth behind the murder.
The trial opened four days after 38 people, mostly British holidaymakers, were killed as a jihadist gunman went on a shooting rampage on a Tunisian beach, in the second attack in three months on tourists in Tunisia claimed by the Islamic State group.

------------------
Etah: Three persons, including two women, have been killed in separate incidents in the district during last 48 hours, police said on Tuesday.

In the first incident, two bike-borne miscreants shot dead Narendar Singh (26), a veterinary doctor, near Kanakpur village under Bagwala police station yesterday. Singh was a resident of Gola Sarjanpur under same police station.
The bikers fired upon Singh while he was going for treatment of an animal. He died on his way to hospital, police said, adding, an FIR in this connection was lodged by the victim's father against two unidentified persons.
The matter is being investigated and no arrest has been made so far, police added.
In another incident, two persons killed 14-year-old daughter of Prem Kishore, a college manager yesterday. The duo entered the manager's house at Sunnah village and started searching for him. They fired upon his daughter, mistaking her for Kishore, police said.
A case has been registered against unidentified persons, police added.
In the third incident, two youths killed Sangeeta, wife of Arvind Kumar, at her home as she refused to go with them to Etah, police said.

The victim was a resident of Isara Duttpur village under Sakeet police station. The accused were identified as Mithilesh and Shailesh, they said.
The duo escaped the spot after committing the crime, police added.

------------------
Faridkot: A 19-year-old Dalit boy was found hanging from a tree at Punjab's Khara village following which five persons, including two panchayat members, were booked for the alleged murder, police said on Monday.

Body of the deceased was found hanging yesterday from the tree in the village here, they said.
The youth had eloped with a farmer's minor daughter, who was also from the same village, on the intervening night of June 20-21, police said.
Family members of the boy has alleged that the youth was killed by the girl's family, they said.

Police today booked five persons, including family members of the girl and two panchayat members.
All the accused are absconding and hunt in on to nab them, police said.

------------------
Abu Dhabi: A United Arab Emirates court sentenced an Emirati woman to death on Monday after convicting her of the jihadist-inspired murder of an American teacher, Abu Dhabi newspaper The National reported.

Alaa Bader al-Hashemi, 30, was found guilty of stabbing to death school teacher Ibolya Ryan, 47, in a shopping mall toilet, the paper said.
She was also convicted of "creating a handmade bomb" she placed in front of an Egyptian-American doctor`s home, it added.
The attacks took place within hours of each other in the UAE capital on December 1.
Tracked down using CCTV footage of her going into and out of the restroom where the teacher`s murder took place and near the doctor`s building, Hashemi was arrested 48 hours later.
She was dressed in black from head-to-toe as she carried out both attacks.
Hashemi was arrested at her home where her car was found with blood on the steering wheel and bomb making materials inside.
The National said that Hashemi "was also found guilty of sending money to Al-Qaeda in Yemen, knowing the funds would be used in terrorist acts".
The ruling was made by the Federal Supreme Court in Abu Dhabi, which means it cannot be appealed.
The president can, however, decide to overturn the sentence or reduce it.
Hashemi, surrounded by four police officers, "showed no emotion as the verdict and sentence were announced," the paper said.
"As she was led from court she smiled and waved at her father and brother, who were in court to witness the proceedings."International media have been denied access to her trial, which began on March 23.
Hashemi had asked the court to provide her with psychological help, saying she had "unreal visions" and would see "ghost-like people" due to a chronic mental illness.
The court ordered psychiatric tests which it said showed she was aware of her actions.
In March, Attorney General Salem Saeed Kubaish said that investigators found she had "listened to lectures by late Al-Qaeda leaders Osama bin Laden and Abu Musab al-Zarqawi, watched video clips of killings and beheadings," among other similar activities.
She "embraced takfiri and jihadist ideology and then engaged in terrorist acts in support of the terrorist organisations Al-Qaeda and Daesh," he said using an Arabic acronym for the Islamic State group.
The convict was also said to have created an Internet account to promote the "ideas of a terrorist group".
The judge on Monday "ordered the confiscation of all evidence and the shutting down of the online account Hashemi had used," The National said.
Kubaish has said that Hashemi had confessed "in detail to investigators to have committed these crimes," but during the court hearings, the woman denied all charges and alleged that she was mistreated during interrogation and forced to confess.
Hashemi had been dubbed the "Reem Island Ghost" after the location of the mall where the stabbing of Ryan, a mother of three, attack took place.
In September, the United Arab Emirates joined the US-led coalition carrying out air strikes against the jihadist IS group in Iraq and Syria.
Last year, it issued a list of 83 Islamist groups it classified as "terrorist organisations".

Violent crime is relatively rare in the UAE, home to millions of foreign workers.
And while capital punishment is legal in the UAE, executions are rarely carried out.


------------------
Muzaffarnagar: A man was shot dead allegedly by his son in Udaypur village of neighbouring Shamli district, following which he was arrested, police said on Monday,

The victim identified as Amer Singh was shot dead at his residence on June 24.

During investigation, it emerged that the deceased's son Vikram Singh was involved in the murder, following which he was arrested yesterday, Superintendent of Police (SP) Vijay Bhushan said.
The accused confessed that he killed his father as he used to torture his mother, the SP said, adding, further investigation is on.

------------------
Rajahmundry (AP): A 32-year-old woman allegedly committed suicide after poisoning her two children at a village in East Godavari district, police said on Sunday.

The deceased identified as G Suryakala (32) and her two sons - Ghanaeswara (14) and Lokesh (11) - were found dead at their residence in Old Gigolupadu village last night in Kakinada sub-division, Inspector (crime) S Muralikrishna Reddy said.
The woman first gave pesticide to her two sons and later consumed it, the officer said, adding, during the incident Suryakala's husband, Venkata Ravikumar, was sleeping in another room in an inebriated condition.
While the woman and Lokesh died on the spot, the other boy died enroute to hospital.
On hearing the cries of the kids, neighbours came to the trio's rescue and rushed them to a nearby hospital, he said.

The reason why the woman took the extreme step is yet to be ascertained and the bodies have been sent to government general hospital for post-mortem.
A case has been registered in this regard and further investigations were on, the officer added.

------------------
Berhampur (Odisha): The body of a 55-year-old police constable was recovered from the roadside at Bhanjanagar in Ganjam district, police said on Sunday.

The deceased, identified as Subash Behera of Chhatrapur,was posted at the energy police station in Bhanjanagar, they said.

Police suspect that the constable, whose body was recovered yesterday, might have died due to heart attack.
"There was no injury mark on the body. The reason of death can only be ascertained after getting the post-mortem report," they said.

------------------
Noida: A 30-year-old man was killed allegedly by three of his friends during a drunken brawl at sector-93 here following which two of them have been arrested, police said.

The incident happened last night when Mahavir was having liquor with three of his friends, they said.
However, an altercation broke out following which Mahavir was beaten up by the trio who fled from the spot after he fell unconscious, police said.

Mahavir was found dead in his room this morning.
The arrested persons have been identified as Ravi and Prempal while the third accused is absconding, police said, adding, a manhunt has been launched to nab him.

------------------
Muzaffarnagar: A 26-year-old man and his seven-year-old son were allegedly hacked to death by the former's younger brother at Jandath town in the district, police said.

According to police, Satpal and his son Vansh were last night attacked with an axe by his younger brother Vijay Kumar over some family dispute.
Circle Officer Mukesh Mishra told reporters here today that the accused has been taken into custody with claims having been made he is weak of mind.
Meanwhile, the body of a 22-year-old girl was found in a canal at Morna village of the district, police said.

According to police, the partially dressed body of the as yet unidentified woman bore strangulation marks round the neck. Police suspect that she was murdered after rape with her scarf being used to strangle her.
The body has been sent for a post-mortem with police saying they are investigating the matter.

------------------
New Delhi: An 18-year-old youth was kidnapped and killed by his juvenile hostel mate here over an old enmity, police said on Friday.

The body of Deepak, who was a 12th class student, was recovered from a secluded place in west Delhi`s Kanjhawala early on Friday.
Police said that they have arrested the juvenile accused and hunt is on for his seven other accomplices in the crime.
Deepak and his friend Ajay were kidnapped on Thursday afternoon near a mall when he reached their on the request of the juvenile to settle their enmity, police said.
Later the accused pushed Ajay out of the vehicle. Ajay informed police about the kidnapping, said the official.

Deputy Commissioner of Police Vikramjit Singh said that the victim and the juvenile studied in a school in Sonepat in Haryana and stayed in a hostel.
"One year ago the victim had badly beaten up the juvenile over some issue. To settle the one enmity, the juvenile kidnapped the victim and killed him after beating him with rods and wooden sticks," Singh said.

------------------
Ahmedabad: The special trial court hearing the Ode village riot case of 2002 on Thursday acquitted three accused giving them benefit of doubt.

Ayesha Vohra, Nuriben Vohra and Kaderbhai Vohra were killed in Malav Bhagol area of Ode village of Anand district in Gujarat by a ramapaging mob on March 1, 2002, in the aftermath of Godhra train burning incident.
Ankur Shapurbhai Patel, Mohan alias Shashin Ramesh Patel and Nikul Ravji Patel were acquitted by Judge M S Bhatt. They had been charged with murder, unlawful assembly, rioting, arson, etc.
Earlier, the court had convicted ten others in May, 2012 in the case, probed by the Supreme Court-appointed Special Investigation Team (SIT), and awarded life term to nine and a six-month jail terms to one.
The trio had jumped the bail six years ago. Ankur was traced from Perth in Australia last year while Nikul was caught in England. Mohan was traced in Singapore.

After they were brought back to India, the trial resumed.
This is one of the nine riot cases from Gujarat probed by SIT. 

------------------
Patna: A local court has remanded influential JD(U) MLA Anant Singh to 14 days' judicial custody in connection with a kidnapping case at Bihta.


Additional Chief Judicial Magistrate (ACJM) Danapur Tribhuvan Nath late last night remanded Singh to 14-day judicial custody, in the case at Bihta in rural Patna in last year.
As Singh, MLA from Mokamah in Patna district, was taken to Beur jail amid tight police security a little after midnight, his supporters stopped a few trains at Barh and Mokamah stations and blocked roads at many places in Barh.

------------------
Tokyo:Japan on Thursday executed a man who robbed and killed a woman after plotting the crime with accomplices he met online.

The execution brings to 12 the total number of death sentences carried out since Prime Minister Shinzo Abe took power in 2012.
Tsukasa Kanda, 44, was hanged for killing 31-year-old Rie Isogai in Nagoya, central Japan, in 2007.
He met his two accomplices via a mobile phone-based web service and the three of them together devised a plan to target a random woman victim.
The men kidnapped Isogai from a Nagoya street and suffocated her by wrapping her head and neck with a plastic bag, adhesive tape and rope, before battering her head with a hammer, according to Justice Ministry records.
"This was an extremely brutal case that brought unimaginable suffering to the victim and her family," Justice Minister Yoko Kamikawa told a press briefing after the execution, the first since she came to office in October last year.
"After a series of careful reviews, I ordered the execution," she said.
Kanda`s accomplices are serving life sentences.
Kanda did not appeal his death sentence after the original district court ruling.
Japan and the United States are the only major advanced industrial nations that continue to have capital punishment.

Surveys have shown the death penalty has overwhelming public support, despite repeated protests from European governments and human rights groups.
International advocacy groups say Japan`s system is cruel because inmates can wait for their executions for many years in solitary confinement and are only told of their impending death a few hours ahead of time.

------------------
Coimbatore: A local court Wednesday sentenced a man to life imprisonment for killing his wife by pouring acid on her in 2012.

Third additional district Court Judge B Karthikeyan sentenced Thambi to life imprisonment and also slapped a penalty of Rs 5,000 on him, failing which he would have to undergo another six months imprisonment.
The prosecution case was that Thambi from Perur area here had married one Chandralekha, after leaving his wife and a daughter in 2007.
Chandralekha was already married once.
After he became paralytic and could not go to work, he started suspecting his wife's fidelity. On November 6, 2012, he poured acid on her while she was speaking to a person.

She suffered serious burn injuries and was admitted to Coimbatore Medical College and Hospital, where she died without responding to treatment 22 days later.
Thambi was arrested soon after. The case had been going on in the Additional District Court.

------------------
Patna:RJD chief Lalu Prasad on Wednesday pitched for the arrest of JD-U MLA Anant Singh who was allegedly involved in the kidnapping of four youths and killing of one of them on June 17.

"Ont of the victim's family met me and I telephoned Bihar Chief Minister Nitish Kumar yesterday over the matter. He took it very seriously and assured me that the state government will deal strictly with anybody who breaks the law," Prasad said while talking to media persons.
"Thanks to Kumar as well as Patna IG Kundan Krishnan that six persons involved in the crime were immediately arrested after that. One of them gave statement to the police that Mokama MLA Anant Singh was involved in it," Prasad said.
The veteran leader, a former Bihar chief minister, sent an RJD probe team to the Barh sub-division of the district where the incident had happened. The probe team returned and recommended that the MLA should be arrested.
Prasad attacked Singh publicly, saying that his history as well as notoriety was well known to everybody and the body of Putus Yadav (one of the kidnapped victims) was recovered from his native village Ladma in Barh subdivision of Patna district.

The RJD chief pointed out that the family members of the victims had told him how criminals, armed with AK-47, had come in SUVs and kidnapped the youths from their homes.
"The local police should have raided Ladma village immediately. It would have saved Yadav's life, but it wasted time in taking action," Prasad said.

------------------
Guwahati: The Guwahati Police on Wednesday said it has formed a Special Investigation Team (SIT) under an ACP to probe the alleged rape and murder of a college girl in the city.

"The incident is very sad and unfortunate. We have formed an SIT to crack the case. The ACP of the Noonmati Range will head it. We are going full throttle," Guwahati Police Commissioner Mukesh Agrawal told reporters here.
Yesterday, the body of a 20-year old college student was found without any clothes in the city's Noonmati area, just few hours after she had left home.
"Though the exact details will be available after we get the post mortem report, but seeing the condition of the body, we are treating it a case of rape and murder. It is a heinous crime," Agrawal said.
The police have found "some leads" and would be able to solve the case very soon, he said.
The Guwahati Police has also formed another SIT to probe the brutal murder of a woman and her two daughters by by her husband, who was going through depression due to financial issues.
Agrawal said the murder was very "heinous" and deserved special attention, and so an SIT has been formed under an ACP.
The husband, identified as Pranab Mahanta, had killed his family members on June 20 and then left his house in the early morning in his car, which was recovered from Saraighat bridge on Brahmaputra in Guwahati.

It was presumed that Mahanta committed suicide by jumping into the river, but his body was yet to be found, the Police Commissioner added.


------------------

------------------

------------------

------------------
Singapore: Three Myanmar men were charged today with conspiring to murder a fellow national in Singapore with a gruesome collection of instruments including a chainsaw, a meat mincer, a cleaver and a chopping board.

Myanmar nationals Yae Wynnt Oaung, 32, Phyo Min Naing, 31, as well as Singapore permanent resident Zaw Min Hlaing, 37, were charged in a district court with plotting to murder another Singapore permanent resident, Aye Maung Maung Thet, 28.
A fourth suspect, 29-year-old Myanmar national Win Kyaw Kyaw Aung, left Singapore on Monday morning, police said.
The offence is punishable by up to 14 years in jail plus a fine.
The four men attempted to abduct Aye Maung Maung Thet at a suburban carpark on Sunday evening, with two of them assaulting him with a taser, an electrical device designed to stun and disable a person, court documents said.
The men fled when the victim's cries for help attracted the attention of passers-by.
They were arrested the following day, two of them at a rented seaside chalet in Singapore's eastern region.
"Items such as a meat mincer, chainsaw, kitchen knives, gas cooker, gas cylinder tank, a tool set, trolley bags, plastic sheets, cable ties, cleaver, aprons, chopping board and rubber boots were also recovered from the chalet and seized as case exhibits," the police said.
In court today, the three men, dressed in civilian attire and handcuffed, appeared sombre as the charges were read to them in Burmese, the Myanmar national language, by an interpreter.
No pleas were entered. They were ordered remanded in police custody for one week to assist in investigations.
The case follows a spate of murder cases in neighbouring Malaysia last year involving Myanmar nationals, mostly in the northern state of Penang. In some cases, victims were decapitated or had some of their body parts severed.
Malaysian police have said they believed the attacks are related to violent clashes in Myanmar between members of the Buddhist majority and its population of Rohingya, a Muslim minority.

But the motive for the botched murder plot in Singapore has not been disclosed.
Gruesome murders are rare in Singapore, a densely populated island of 5.5 million, 40 per cent of them foreigners.

------------------
Agra: Lawyers in this Uttar Pradesh city went on strike on Wednesday to protest the loot and murder of a colleague's wife and daughter, police said.

Advocate Praveen Gulati returned to his home in Khandari colony on Tuesday afternoon and found his 50-year-old wife and 23-year-old disabled daughter lying in a pool of blood, with their heads smashed with "stone chakla", police said.
The door of the house were bolted and when no one responded to his repeated knocks, the door was forced open with the help of tenants.
Senior police officials reached the crime scene but till Wednesday morning there were no clues to the murder.
Relatives said gold ornaments and Rs 70,000 were missing from the house.
Police official Rajesh Modak told the media that four teams have been formed to crack the case.

Senior Superintendent of Police Rajesh Kumar Singh suspected the involvement of people known to the family.
"It could have been the result of vengeance," he said.

------------------
Riyadh: Saudi Arabia's Supreme Court has confirmed death sentences for two suspected Saudi al Qaeda members convicted of murdering four Frenchmen in 2007, a newspaper reported on Tuesday.

They had been sentenced by a special "terrorism" tribunal in January of last year, in verdicts now upheld by the highest court, the Arryadh daily said.
The pair were convicted of shooting dead the French nationals -- one of whom was a teenager -- near the western city of Medina while they were on a desert excursion from their homes in the capital Riyadh.
Another 12 men convicted of helping the attackers were jailed for between three and 23 years.
Police killed the suspected mastermind of the attack, Walid Motlaq al-Raddadi, a 23-year-old Saudi, in Medina about two months after the murders.
Authorities in the kingdom set up specialised courts in 2011 to try dozens of Saudis and foreigners accused of belonging to Al-Qaeda or of participating in a wave of attacks that swept the country from 2003.
Those shootings and bombings killed more than 150 Saudis and foreigners.
The kingdom's current Crown Prince Mohammed bin Nayef oversaw a crackdown on the militants.

Arryadh also reported that a "terrorism" court in the Red Sea city of Jeddah sentenced eight Saudis to between one and 17 years for trying to establish an Al-Qaeda cell to carry out attacks.
It did not indicate when the cell was allegedly active.

------------------
Samastipur (Bihar): A local court sentenced five persons to life imprisonment and slapped fine of Rs 5000 each today after finding them guilty in a three-year-old murder case.

Additional District Judge (ADJ)-IV Ram Prakash passed the order sentencing them to life imprisonment and fined them after convicting them in the murder of Horil Rai on February 25, 2012.

Rai, a native of Kewta village under Dalsinghsarai police station area, was beaten to death with iron rods by the convicts when he had gone to their house to demand money due from them.
The convicts are Tuntun Rai, Vinod Rai, Bhukhal Rai, Bodhu Rai and Toli Rai.

------------------

------------------

------------------
Singapore: Three Myanmar men were charged today with conspiring to murder a fellow national in Singapore with a gruesome collection of instruments including a chainsaw, a meat mincer, a cleaver and a chopping board.

Myanmar nationals Yae Wynnt Oaung, 32, Phyo Min Naing, 31, as well as Singapore permanent resident Zaw Min Hlaing, 37, were charged in a district court with plotting to murder another Singapore permanent resident, Aye Maung Maung Thet, 28.
A fourth suspect, 29-year-old Myanmar national Win Kyaw Kyaw Aung, left Singapore on Monday morning, police said.
The offence is punishable by up to 14 years in jail plus a fine.
The four men attempted to abduct Aye Maung Maung Thet at a suburban carpark on Sunday evening, with two of them assaulting him with a taser, an electrical device designed to stun and disable a person, court documents said.
The men fled when the victim's cries for help attracted the attention of passers-by.
They were arrested the following day, two of them at a rented seaside chalet in Singapore's eastern region.
"Items such as a meat mincer, chainsaw, kitchen knives, gas cooker, gas cylinder tank, a tool set, trolley bags, plastic sheets, cable ties, cleaver, aprons, chopping board and rubber boots were also recovered from the chalet and seized as case exhibits," the police said.
In court today, the three men, dressed in civilian attire and handcuffed, appeared sombre as the charges were read to them in Burmese, the Myanmar national language, by an interpreter.
No pleas were entered. They were ordered remanded in police custody for one week to assist in investigations.
The case follows a spate of murder cases in neighbouring Malaysia last year involving Myanmar nationals, mostly in the northern state of Penang. In some cases, victims were decapitated or had some of their body parts severed.
Malaysian police have said they believed the attacks are related to violent clashes in Myanmar between members of the Buddhist majority and its population of Rohingya, a Muslim minority.

But the motive for the botched murder plot in Singapore has not been disclosed.
Gruesome murders are rare in Singapore, a densely populated island of 5.5 million, 40 per cent of them foreigners.

------------------
Agra: Lawyers in this Uttar Pradesh city went on strike on Wednesday to protest the loot and murder of a colleague's wife and daughter, police said.

Advocate Praveen Gulati returned to his home in Khandari colony on Tuesday afternoon and found his 50-year-old wife and 23-year-old disabled daughter lying in a pool of blood, with their heads smashed with "stone chakla", police said.
The door of the house were bolted and when no one responded to his repeated knocks, the door was forced open with the help of tenants.
Senior police officials reached the crime scene but till Wednesday morning there were no clues to the murder.
Relatives said gold ornaments and Rs 70,000 were missing from the house.
Police official Rajesh Modak told the media that four teams have been formed to crack the case.

Senior Superintendent of Police Rajesh Kumar Singh suspected the involvement of people known to the family.
"It could have been the result of vengeance," he said.

------------------
Riyadh: Saudi Arabia's Supreme Court has confirmed death sentences for two suspected Saudi al Qaeda members convicted of murdering four Frenchmen in 2007, a newspaper reported on Tuesday.

They had been sentenced by a special "terrorism" tribunal in January of last year, in verdicts now upheld by the highest court, the Arryadh daily said.
The pair were convicted of shooting dead the French nationals -- one of whom was a teenager -- near the western city of Medina while they were on a desert excursion from their homes in the capital Riyadh.
Another 12 men convicted of helping the attackers were jailed for between three and 23 years.
Police killed the suspected mastermind of the attack, Walid Motlaq al-Raddadi, a 23-year-old Saudi, in Medina about two months after the murders.
Authorities in the kingdom set up specialised courts in 2011 to try dozens of Saudis and foreigners accused of belonging to Al-Qaeda or of participating in a wave of attacks that swept the country from 2003.
Those shootings and bombings killed more than 150 Saudis and foreigners.
The kingdom's current Crown Prince Mohammed bin Nayef oversaw a crackdown on the militants.

Arryadh also reported that a "terrorism" court in the Red Sea city of Jeddah sentenced eight Saudis to between one and 17 years for trying to establish an Al-Qaeda cell to carry out attacks.
It did not indicate when the cell was allegedly active.

------------------
Samastipur (Bihar): A local court sentenced five persons to life imprisonment and slapped fine of Rs 5000 each today after finding them guilty in a three-year-old murder case.

Additional District Judge (ADJ)-IV Ram Prakash passed the order sentencing them to life imprisonment and fined them after convicting them in the murder of Horil Rai on February 25, 2012.

Rai, a native of Kewta village under Dalsinghsarai police station area, was beaten to death with iron rods by the convicts when he had gone to their house to demand money due from them.
The convicts are Tuntun Rai, Vinod Rai, Bhukhal Rai, Bodhu Rai and Toli Rai.

------------------
Jammu:A 60-year-old man and his son were on Tuesday found murdered in their house in Udhampur district of Jammu and Kashmir, police said.

"The bodies of Sirjan Din and his son Beena (26) were recovered from their residence in the Badola Village of the Pancheri Tehsil of the Udhampur district, with injury marks on the heads," SSP Udhampur M S Chowdhary said.
The police and the forensic team reached the spot and started investigations, so far no accused has been identified or arrested," he said.

A case has been registered in this connection, he said adding the motive behind the murder is yet to be ascertained.
The bodies have been sent to the post mortem.

------------------
Jammu: The dead body of a Sikh youth was recovered from a canal in the Suchetgarh area here on Tuesday, police said.

"The locals noticed a body of a Sikh youth, in his 30s, floating in the Ranbir Canal, which was later retrieved by a police team," a police official said.

The identity of the deceased is yet to be ascertained, he said.
According to the official, the body has been shifted to government Medical college hospital for post mortem and identification.

------------------
Bareilly: A Disc Jockey (DJ) operator was shot dead by a youth for not playing a song of latter's choice at Sidhauli village in Meerganj area, police said on Tuesday.

Arun Valmiki (30) was shot dead by Ashu alias Ishu when he express his inability to play a song demanded by the latter late last night, it said.
The incident took place during a birthday party of the grand daughter of jeweller Hariom Gupta, police said.
Arun was taken to community health centre where doctors declared him dead.

Additional Superintendent of Police Brijesh Srivastava said that following the incident, police raided Ishu's house, but he had fled by then.
The body was sent for post-mortem today, he added.

------------------
New Delhi: Delhi High Court on Monday refused to grant interim bail to a French woman facing extradition to Chile for her alleged participation in the assassination of Chilean senator Jaime Guzman Errazuriz on April 1, 1991.

Vacation judge Justice R K Gauba did not pass any interim order, saying the matter has to be heard by the regular bench which was also hearing Verhoeven Marie Emmanuelle's plea challenging her arrest in February this year, pursuant to a red-corner notice issued against her by the Interpol.
55-year-old Verhoeven, a French national, was arrested on February 17 in Uttar Pradesh while she was entering India from Nepal.
Appearing for her, senior advocate A S Chandhiok sought that bail be granted as CBI has already carried out verification of the addresses of the people who would stand surety for her as well as the place where she would be staying.
CBI had carried out the verification on the court's direction of June 10.
Chandhiok, who was also assisted by advocate Ramni Taneja, argued that on the date of her arrest in February this year, there was no extradition treaty between the Indian and Chilean governments.
But on April 28, the External Affairs Ministry by way of a notification validated a 118-year-old extradition treaty between the United Kingdom and Chile, which when signed in 1897 was applicable to all British colonies including India, he said.
While questioning the reason for validating the treaty, he also argued that it was signed between UK and Chile and not with Republic of India.
Chandhiok also said the red-corner notice issued against Verhoeven had been recalled by Interpol on May 30 and sought that the woman be enlarged on bail till the next date of hearing on June 29.
Extradition proceedings were initiated against her on the request of the Chilean government which had alleged that she had participated in a conspiracy to commit a terror attack which had led to the death of senator Errazuriz.
In her plea opposing the extradition proceedings, she has contended that the treaty was ultra vires to the Constitution.
She also opposed the allegations of the Chilean government, saying she was falsely implicated in the case due to political vendetta claiming that she was a "member of the Latin American Economic and Social Committee and had participated in special human rights missions".
She also claimed she was an "officer of the prison administration in Chile as an assistant to the National Directorate" while she was staying there from 1985 to 1995.

In her plea, she has said that pursuant to the red-corner notice, she was apprehended in Germany on January 25, 2014, and kept in pre-trial detention.
The German court had, however, rejected the extradition request of Chile after which she came here on a valid Indian visa, but was arrested in Uttar Pradesh on the basis of the red-corner notice, her plea challenging the treaty said.

------------------
Balaghat: Madhya Pradesh police on Monday announced constitution of a Special Investigation Team (SIT) to probe the murder of local journalist Sandeep Kothari, who was burnt to death allegedly by three persons linked to mining mafia, following which his protesting family members performed his last rites.

Kothari's mortal remains, which were brought to Katangi police station in the district earlier in the day from Wardha in Maharashtra, were consigned to flames near here in evening after police submitted a written assurance of an impartial SIT probe.
His kin had earlier refused to perform his last rites while insisting that six more persons behind the murder be arrested.
Kothari's kin, including his father Prakashchand, mother Kanchan Devi and brother Naveen, relented only after ASP Neeraj Soni gave in writing that IG, Balaghat range, D C Sagar has announced setting up of SIT.
Meanwhile, police produced Vishal Tandi and Brajesh Daharwal, the two accused arrested so far in connection with the case, in a local court which remanded them in police custody for seven days.
Police have also announced a reward of Rs 30,000 on another accused Rakesh Nasvani, who is absconding.
State Home Minister Babulal Gaur told PTI that police are investigating into the killing of the scribe from all angles. "A hunt is on to arrest the one more accused who is absconding," he added.
When asked about the reports that mining mafias have orchestrated Kothari's murder, the Home minister said, "It will be too early to draw conclusion or conjunctures."
Kothari was burnt to death allegedly by three persons, suspected to be closely linked to sand mafia, who set him ablaze apparently over his refusal to withdraw a court case, after abducting him from Katangi three days back, the police had said.
His body was found lying near a railway track at Sindhi town in Wardha district of Maharashtra on Saturday night.
Madhya Pradesh Working Journalists Union has demanded a CBI probe into the incident, with it's Balaghat district president Indrajeet Bhoj recalling the deceased as an "impartial and courageous" journalist.
"It was very unfortunate the criminal cases have been registered against him. However, unfazed by the cases, he boldly and fearlessly wrote against the mafias," Bhoj said in a statement. 
Demanding that police unmask the "white-collar" criminals involved in the killing, Bhoj said the scribes will launch a protest if the probe is not handed over to CBI and a bill to protect journalists is not brought in the forthcoming Assembly session.
Opposition Congress and BSP have already demanded a CBI probe into the incident.
The Congress has also set up a three-member panel comprising MLAs to probe Kothari's death.
Senior Congress leader Raja Pateria has alleged that Kothari was falsely implicated in different cases by police at the behest of the mafia.

"The way he was killed speaks and shows that it was a large conspiracy that led to his murder and it needed to be bared," he said.
Meanwhile, MP police headquarters today issued a press release stating that Kothari was a history-sheeter involved in 15 cases including rape.

------------------
Jaipur:A mutilated body of a 24-year-old girl was found on a street outside a hotel at Sadar area here, police said on Monday.

The deceased was identified as Farzana alias Lado Shabbo, they said.
Her head was crushed by stones by unidentified miscreants, they said, adding the body was found wrapped in a blanket yesterday and was sent for post-mortem.
The victim was a resident of Nahari-ka-Naka, a muslim dominated area, and her parents had separated her from family allegedly due to her "bad character", they said.

Reason behind the murder was yet to be ascertained, they added.
Whether she was raped before her murder, would be known only after the post-mortem, SHO-Sadar Police station Rinmal Singh said.

------------------
Hyderabad:The body of a Hyderabadi student who was shot dead by unidentified people in US` Florida state a week ago reached his home here on Sunday.

The body of A. Sai Kiran Goud (22) was flown in here from New York via Mumbai.
Sai`s flatmate Manoj accompanied the body, which was shifted from airport to his house in Kushiguda.
Telangana assembly Speaker S. Madhusudhana Chary and legislative council Chairman Swami Goud visited Sai`s home and paid their last respects.
A pall of gloom descended on the house as friends and relatives poured in to pay homage and console the family.
The last rites were to be performed later Sunday.
After completing his B.Tech from a college in Hyderabad, Sai had joined a master`s programme at the Atlantic University in Florida last month.

He was returning to his apartment in Florida on June 14 when a group of unidentified persons asked him to handover his iPhone. As Sai resisted their attempts, they shot him dead.
Sai`s family members thanked Telugu Association of North America for making arrangements to transport the body to Hyderabad.

------------------
Charleston(US): Residents of SouthCarolina, still shaken by the unthinkable murder of nine African Americans, planned protests across the state today, giving voice to their grief, anger and demands for change.

Protesters were to gather in the capital city of Columbia for a rally against the Confederate battle flag, a potent symbol of racism for many here.
Mourning for the nine black church members shot and killed by a suspected white supremacist at Charleston prayer service turned to anger over the flying of Confederate standard -- a subject of controversy for years.
Another demonstration, meanwhile, was planned in Charleston, site of the horrific murders, by organisers of the Black Lives Matter movement.
Demonstrators in Columbia planned to gather before sunset outside the legislature, where the Civil War era saltire is still on display.
"It's time to put that symbol of rebellion and racism behind us and move toward healing and a better United States of America," said a petition on the left-leaning MoveOn.Org website that had gathered 320,000 signatures.
The American and South Carolina state flags were set at half-staff after Wednesday's massacre at Emanuel African Methodist Episcopal church, where the victims included Clementa Pinckney, the chief pastor and a state senator.
Dylann Storm Roof, 21, from a small town outside Columbia, was apprehended the next day in North Carolina. He is currently in solitary confinement in Charleston, charged with murder.
But the Confederate flag outside the Statehouse was not lowered because, under state law, only the legislature can decide to bring it down, officials have said.
In Charleston, meanwhile, professional cleaners were seen today at the Emanuel church where passersby continued to gather and lay flowers, ahead of Sunday services.
Thousands gathered Friday night for a city-organized vigil for the victims, aged 26 through 87, who Roof is accused of shooting with a handgun -- a weapon easily purchased in South Carolina, given the state's lax gun laws.

Holding hands, many with tears in their eyes, people sang the civil rights protest anthem "We Shall Overcome" in the College of Charleston basketball area.
Roof reportedly had said he "wanted to start a race war," in a crime that authorities are treating as a hate crime and investigating as possible "domestic terrorism."

------------------
Eluru: A man infected with HIV, accused of raping and murdering a seven-year-old girl here, allegedly committed suicide by jumping from a flyover in West Godavari district after irate locals began chasing him for the crime, police said on Saturday.

According to Deputy Superintendent of Police, Eluru town, Sabitha, the incident took place yesterday when accused Jonuganti Suresh, a habitual sex offender was spotted by locals near a bus station when he tried to flee from the city.
The girl, whose body was found from Suresh's house stuffed in a trunk box, had gone missing from Tuesday evening when she had gone to the grocery shop run by the accused on the city outskirts, police said.
Suresh allegedly lured the girl into the shop and sexually violated her resulting in her death following which he hid her in the trunk box, they said.
On Wednesday, parents of the victim's filed a missing complaint with Eluru rural police station and said they doubted Suresh for their daughter's disappearance.
Subsequently, police conducted searches at Suresh's house and found her body on Thursday night.
In the meantime, the accused fled the spot.

Subsequently, police formed search teams to nab the accused, who was spotted by locals yesterday following which he climbed the flyover and jumped from there. He died on the spot but angry locals and protesters continued pelting stones on him.
Suresh was deserted by his family much earlier for allegedly abusing his own daughter, police added.

------------------
Salem: The partly burnt body of a 25-year-old woman was found in Thimerikadu reserve forest on Saturday, police said.


Police suspect that she might have been brought to the area by someone and raped before being set on fire.
Her identity is yet to be established, they said.

------------------
Baghpat: Two persons were shot dead by a group of people apparently over old rivalry at Biharipur village in this district, police said on Saturday.


The victims, Vinod (35) and Vedpal (45), were gunned down late last evening, Superintendent of Police Sharad Sachan said.
The bodies have been sent for post mortem, he added.

------------------
Washington: The young white man suspected of gunning down nine people at a black church in South Carolina has been charged with their murders, police said Friday, as the state`s governor called for him to face the death penalty.

The carnage at the Emanuel African Methodist Episcopal Church in Charleston was the worst attack on a US place of worship in decades, and comes at a time of revived racial tensions in many parts of the country.
Reports that 21-year-old Dylann Roof -- who has been charged with nine murders as well as possession of a firearm during the commission of a violent crime -- said he "wanted to start a race war" are sure to leave the city on edge.
The killings have also reignited concerns about gun control, with a clearly frustrated President Barack Obama saying the "senseless murders" should force Americans to look closely at how violent people get easy access to firearms.
Roof was to appear at a bond hearing at 2:00 pm (1800 GMT), Charleston police said on Twitter, also announcing the charges.
Several US media outlets have reported that Roof confessed to investigators that he walked into "Mother Emanuel" -- one of the oldest black churches in the country -- on Wednesday night and opened fire on a Bible study class.
All of the victims were black.
South Carolina Governor Nikki Haley said Friday she believed Roof should face the death penalty -- legal in the state -- if convicted.
"This is an absolute hate crime," Haley told NBC`s "Today" show.
"We will absolutely will want him to have the death penalty. This is the worst hate that I`ve seen and the country has seen in a long time." Roof was arrested in North Carolina on Thursday and brought back to South Carolina after he opted not to fight extradition.
Several US media outlets have reported that Roof has already confessed to investigators.
One law enforcement official told CNN that he told police he "wanted to start a race war."
"We are getting cooperation at this point," another official told local ABC affiliate WCIV.
Two sources also confirmed to NBC News that Roof -- whose Facebook page includes a picture of him wearing the flags of defunct white supremacist regimes in South Africa and Rhodesia -- has confessed.
He told police that he "almost didn`t go through with it because everyone was so nice to him," the sources told the network, but ultimately, he decided to "go through with his mission."Conflicting descriptions of Roof, a high school dropout, have emerged as the nation digests the latest spasm of gun violence.
The thin young man with the bowl-style haircut is alternately described as a quiet, even friendly loner who snapped -- or a calculating white supremacist who supported segregation and had been planning for some time to kill blacks.
US media reported that Roof had been arrested in recent months on charges related to drugs and trespassing at a mall.
Sylvia Johnson, a relative of one of the victims, told CNN a survivor had told her that the gunman had made a racist rant during the attack.
Johnson said one of the victims tried to talk the shooter out of more killings after he opened fire.
"He said, `No, you`ve raped our women and you`re taking over the country. I have to do what I have to do,`" she told CNN.
Three men and six women were killed. Among the dead was the church`s pastor, 41-year-old Clementa Pinckney, who also was a Democratic state senator.
The other victims were Cynthia Hurd, 54; high-school track coach Reverend Sharonda Coleman-Singleton, 45; barber Tywanza Sanders, 26; church worker Ethel Lance, 70; church member Susie Jackson, 87; Reverend DePayne Middleton, 49; vicar`s wife Myra Thompson, 59; and Reverend Daniel Simmons, 74.

The Atlantic coast city of Charleston is known locally as "The Holy City," due to its large number of churches, many of them community anchors for a diverse range of ethnic groups.
"The heart and soul of South Carolina was broken," a tearful Haley said Thursday.


------------------
Udalguri:A journalist of a local Assamese daily was abducted, tortured, shot at and dumped by suspected NDFB(S) terrorists for writing against the outfit, police said on Friday.

The incident happened last night when the journalist, identified as Khairabari correspondent of 'Asomiya Pratidin' Prashanta Kumar, was returning to Khairbari on his motorcycle after dropping his friend, a police official said.
He was abducted by a gang in a car, tortured by the abductors who claimed themselves to be NDFB(S) cadre, Bhergaon Sub-Divisional Police Officer Nirupam Hazarika said.
"The suspected NDFB(S) terrorists then shot him on his left arm and threw him out of the car near Tangla area," he said, adding Kumar managed to go to a nearby house asked for help from local people, who called the police.
The journalist was then rushed to a local hospital, which referred him to Gauhati Medical College and Hospital and was now said to be out of danger, the SDPO said.
"Kumar was actively writing against the extortion drive by NDFB(S) in the area and highlighting the ongoing anti- terrorist operations in the district," he said, adding the journalist's abductors also ordered him not to write about the outfit.

Hazarika said police was carrying out search operations in and around the area to nab the culprits.
Khairabari Press Club and other journalist bodies in Udalguri have condemned the incident and urged Assam Chief Minister Tarun Gogoi to take appropriate action against the culprits so that scribes of rural Assam can report on sensitive issues without fear.

------------------
Coimbatore:A 38-year old man allegedly murdered his co-brother and injured his wife and her sister over a property dispute here today, police said.

The man fatally attacked his co-brother with a sickle around 1 am. When his wife and her sister intervened, he attacked them also, causing injuries. He then went out of the house.
Police rushed all the three injured to a hospital where the man was declared brought dead. The two women were undergoing treatment.

The assailant, who was walking aimlessly with the sickle, was later arrested.
Property dispute was said to be the reason for the murderous attack, police said adding further investigation was on.

------------------
